Good Overall Value - Worth the purchase price, with notable pros/cons.  These will probably work well for most people, but for my use, I would change some elements of the design (mainly cord issues)...What I was looking for was a portable set of buds to listen to music for up to 8 hours a day.  My requirements were comfort, good noise isolation (I am a cabinetmaker), durability, and sound quality - relative price wasn't much of a factor.  I have an older iPod Nano (8 GB Silver - 6th Generation) that clips to the back of my shirt collar as well as a Sony SBH20B bluetooth receiver.  Both of these allow me to connect the buds in back and keep the wires out of harms way (as opposed to having a player on my hip or in my pocket).  A microphone wasn't all that important since I wasn't planning to use this with my phone...and I have a set of Bose MIE2i buds and Bose Bluetooth earpiece for that purpose.The reason I chose not to use my Bose buds for regular music listening were as follows: the cord was too long so it interfered with my work, the control/mic portion added unnecessary bulk, noise isolation on that design is only modest relative to a full in-ear design like these buds, and I don't particularly care for the music curve (which is a subjective evaluation) Bose designed into those sets. These elements might or might not matter to you depending on your preferences and application.The good: tonal balance is very natural and open - better than I would expect at this price point and certainly enjoyable for on the go listening.  In direct comparison to the Bose buds at 3x the price, I prefer the Sennheiser's clarity and accuracy.  I am an audio guy with a dedicated music rig at my house that includes Sennheiser over the ear reference headphones as well as B&W CM5 speakers...ultimately, all music quality is "subjective", so this is just my opinion, but Sennheiser has done a good job at delivering this level of quality at a bargain price point.  The Bose set (which I love for calls and even casual music listening) is more distant (soundstage collapses compared to the Sennheiser) and muddy (particularly in the mid-bass region).  Both sound "good" compared to stock buds, but the sound curves each company chose to employ are very different - this is where personal preference will come into play.  Fit was good with the sleeves that came installed...several hours of listening didn't leave me fatigued or in pain from the fit.  The noise isolation was better on the CX300's than the Bose which was also a plus for my application.Now on to the drawbacks (for me): Upon first opening the package, I was surprised to see that one leg of the cord (from the split) was longer than the other - also, the cord itself looks pretty flimsy.  The supposed purpose is to allow routing of the wires behind your head (which should be a good thing for my application), but it didn't work well for me.  The weight and location of the splitter tugged on my left earbud as I moved around which constantly reminded me that I was wearing buds.  After some activity, it did finally pull enough for me to decide it was going to be too much of a distraction for me.  In stationary listening applications, they would probably be fine.To be fair, Sennheiser never marketed these as being designed for active use.  They also have a 685 sport series that might be a better fit for my use, but I thought the sound quality might not be as good as the CX300's (the water resistant technology has the potential to impact the overall sound quality).  I have a discontinued set of Sennheiser / Adidas buds (MX-680) that look similar to the 685's which have finally bit the dust after 2 years of service (a good run for my heavy use).  The fit of the 680s was terrific for me, and the sound quality was decent (somewhat "thin" sounding and dynamics were compressed at moderate volume levels with heavy material).  Since they are discontinued and I thought I could improve on sound quality, I figured I would try some new models.  I didn't realize it until now, but a huge advantage to this older set (for my use) is that it has a short cord length (only 18" or so) with an extender.  This works AWESOME for my shirt collar music player use.  Currently, there are only a few companies that produce a shorter cord length model (Bose 'SPORT' IE2 is one...not the mobile version that I have).  The updated Sennheiser 685, unfortunately, no longer offers this option.Ultimately, I will keep these as a backup set for comparisons, casual listening around the house, and for airplane trips - the isolation and sound quality are worth the price.  In terms of my every day work setup, I need to keep hunting for a better cord option!  Next up, I am going to try these two sets, which I can see as having some trade-offs of their own:Sennheiser 685sPotential advantages over CX300s: more durable, better symmetrical cord split design...potentially shorter cord (can't tell from the photos)Most Likely Comparable: noise isolation, fit, and sound qualityPotential Downsides: Sound quality (sport design is water resistant which might lower sound quality) and cord length (compared to a short cord version)Bose SoundSportPotential advantages over CX300s: more durable, better symmetrical cord split design, shorter cord lengthMost Likely Comparable: Good sound quality (better than stock buds), all day comfort fitPotential Downsides: Higher price, Noise isolation (not fully in-ear), bulkier control module that I don't plan to use, subjective sound curve quality (I already know the MIE2 has an exaggerated mid-bass curve and less spacious sound)Sennheiser has done a good job delivering a great sound & fit for a modest price.  Depending on your needs, the CX300's might be all the bud you need!  A note to Sennheiser - if you upped the cord quality (stronger connection point, thicker wire, symmetrical split) and made it detachable at around 18", I would easily pay 2x for the same buds.  It doesn't look like anyone (outside of Bose) is offering a well built quality bud with short cord.  Shure used to have one priced around $100-200, but discontinued it as well.  I am guessing there are plenty of active people using collar or armband players that would benefit from better cord management and appreciate higher sound quality.
This is my fourth or fifth pair and for the money I think they're good. Lost a pair or two to wear and tear they're delicate so you cannot beat the crap out of them but think they sound great. Have tried Bose and expensive others and think these are better. They must be because my wife and son keep stealing them from me!
Very good headphones
Great Headphones. Love the asymmetrical cord. Just accidentally left them in the pocket of a garment that went through the washer and dryer. Sill work beautifully! Wouldn't recommend doing that if you can avoid it, but good to know they withstood the water and heat and still work like new.
Great sound. I have had many headphones in the past.  It comes with a little bag which you can store the headphones inside which is extremely useful.
very nice............
What many dont realize is that Sennheiser make earbuds and headphones for certain things. They have earbuds/headphones for EVERYTHING, so dont buy a Sennhiser product and say, "But its not made for this" NO SHITE. They got headphones for Running, gaming, high quality, airplane cancelling, dj, studio, etc...I just hate those people who buy a Sennheiser product and complsin that its not made for a certain thing. Next time dont buy a high quality product and not do some research.Almost all if not all Sennheiser products are amazing
Great sound, durable, look good, really cant complain about much. They do tangle a bit more than my last pair of Sennheisers (I thought I had ordered the exact same headphones) because the material for the cords is less rigid, but that also means there's less of that weird vibration sound that gets picked up every time something touches it.
These earphones sound great.  Nice and clear without an overabundance of bass.  The bass is still there, and it can still rock your ears depending on the music you play.  The sound quality doesn't match its price, as you would think these would cost at lease double than what I paid for.  The clarity in the music is astounding and I'm glad I chose these headphones.  One thing I do have a slight problem with is that the right earphone is longer than the left side.  I'm not sure where this design originated from, but I think it looks silly.  Also, I like to fold my earphones the way I do my instrument cables, but the different lengths makes it somewhat difficult.  Taking it out and putting it back in the included carrying bag is also a little bit of a hassle, but it is a great way to store your earphones so they won't get lost or damaged.
Opened my ears to the world of hire quality audio!
Clear, but a little too much treble and too little bass for me. Durable- my last pair lasted me a couple years. I like the asymmetrical cord shape and the earbuds fit great in my small ear canal- both factors that make these good for jogging.  Maybe good if your music isn't very bass focused, like folk or classical, versus my heavy bass electronic music.
Quality earbuds for an affordable price.
Sound quality is great as I have expected.However, it gets me static shock every a few minutes in my ears.I use them to listen to music from my computer at work.Every time I get shocked my Windows makes 'hardware found' or 'hardware disconnected' noise.So I guess it's not only extremely uncomfortable for me, but also it's unhealthy for my computer.I have used many Sennheiser's earbuds and this is the second one that gets me shocks constantly.This time it's really bad, and I had to order another set of earbuds from another company.I would probably order Senheiser in the future again though.
This will be my second set of these headphones. The first that I had for three years until I had them dragging out of my car door for several miles. That killed them. I like the way that these fit in the way that they sound. They have a very full sound and I have definitely compare them against other, more expensive headphones. In fact, some coworkers and I tried five different sets of headphones, and the is definitely came out on top. I also like the fact that they have very small dear inserts and medium and large. My brother in law who also has these headphones, uses the small ones, and I use the large air inserts. Both of us have been able to use these very comfortably. The other excellent heard about them is that they block out so, regardless of whether you are listening to music or not. The silicone of the ear insert is also very comfortable for long term wearing. I happen to have large ear holes (har har) and they fit great. I look forward to my second set.
Sennheiser earbuds are renowned  for having great sound and build quality. The CX 300 II Precision Enhanced Bass earbuds should render the same sentiments right? Let us look closer at this pair of earbuds and see what the evidence renders.Sennheiser CX 300 II Precision Enhanced Bass EarbudsI recently found myself in need of a pair of new earbuds. But with a limited budget and wanting to spend no more than about $50 I wasn’t sure what I would get for my money. So I got online did a little googling research and came across Sennheiser among others and decided to take a closer look at these for consideration to purchase.I read quite a few reviews on this set o earbuds and I felt confident I had a good understanding as to what these would offer me for the money. For the most part I was satisfied with what I heard about these in all of the reviews I took a look at.So just how exactly did that turn out for me?I placed my order for these Sennheiser CX 300 II  Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds and crossed my fingers. A few days thereafter I received them in the mail. I opened up the box unpackaged them and was immediately pleasantly surprised and disappointed at the same time. Although it’s true that among the reviews I had read the items that I was disappointed with once the product was in my hands I had hoped were only limited opinions and not fact but this was not the case.As mentioned in other reviews the wires on each individual in your blood are pretty thin. They almost give you the impression that they could easily tear in some manner or another if pulled hard or caught on something unaware. I would not recommend being too aggressive with these for this very fact the wires are then. Another point mentioned in other reviews with the fact that one wire for the right earbud is considerably longer then the short wire of the left earbud. The reason for this as it was described is so that the headphones can be maneuvered around the back of the neck so as to keep the wires from dangling in front of you if they were placed normally in front. I have to admit I found this to be rather annoying and I did not find it a pleasing feature of these headphones all and to be quite honest with you they appear to look a bit awkward because I do not wear them behind the neck as the extended length of the right earbud would suggest. And just for exercise I did place these around my neck to see how they would fit feel while listening to these earbuds and I found it to be distracting.There are  some pros and cons with regards to the Sennheiser CX 300 II  Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds that are worth mentioning to any potential buyers, and they are As follows:Pros: For the budget minded shopper of earbuds; First, a pair of earbuds that have good volume in sound. second, are light weight and attractive in appearance. third, have the 90� angle plug to prevent damage. Fourth, great sound reproduction so long as the earbuds or properly nested within the ear canal.Cons:  For the discerning minded shopper of earbuds;  first, the wires to each individual earbud are fairly then. Second, due to the fact that the wires to the earbuds are very thin they are very susceptible and almost always tangle up especially when they are put into their pouch for storage. Third, I do not recommend these earbuds for any type of sports activity. I find as a cyclist that these earbuds often come out of place enough to break the seal between the  the earbud and the ear canal so that you  often have to readjust fitment and may find this to be very irritating.To sum things up I’m happy with my purchase for a few reasons. First, they sound incredible! For less than $50 these headphones produce great sound. The highs are good the  base reproduction excellent, and the midrange is fair.  Second, the two main things after mentioned are small niggles  that I am able to overlook because these offer great value for the money you pay.The Sennheiser CX 300 II  precision enhanced base earbuds are definitely worth considering taking in account all that’s been said in this review before making your purchasing decision.Okay so here is the device that I used to base my review on: a fourth-generation iPod touch. The main genres I listen to are Rock ‘n Roll (AC/DC, Led Zeppelin, Jimi Hendrix, etc.)  R&B (Isley Brothers, Craig David, Prince, etc.)  Classical, and Jazz / Blues (B.B. King, David Sanborn, Pinetop Perkins, etc.) as well as audio books. I am happy to report that all have performed well. Although I  do not listen to rap music I suspect that  these Sennheiser earbuds  will do just fine.Sadly, I would have given these a 5 out 5 star rating were it not for the uneven earbud wires and more importantly the thinness of them.
Best head phones for the price
Best earbuds they have great bass and there cheep
These earbuds seem to be indestructible! very good sound quality and they resist almost any damage (within the reasonable haha)! Totally recommended!
These headphones are a huge step up from the SkullCandy ones I'd been using for years. Great sound overall.
Loving these. As a long-time owner of Senny cans, wanted something less conspicuous for public listening. Not missing anything I want to hear.
This is the second time I'm purchasing this item (as a spare). In my opinion, it's the best quality you can get at this price.
one ear bud stopped working after 6 month.Do not recommend
Great sound, a little too snug
These headphones have good bass and overall good sound for their price. However, I have bought them about 2-3 times so far and each time they have broken after less than a year of use. The headphone jack seems to be the main issue as the wire is not glued to the jack and therefore tears out if it gets pulled on enough, which happens in regular use. It has gotten to the point where I am reluctant to get another pair due to the bad design.
I know that there is disagreement on if the J cord or Y cord is better, I'm certainly on the J cord side of that.  I like the ability to just pop a headphone out without it falling to the floor.  I used to be a Sony loyalist because they made the best J cord headphone, but their quality has slipped in the last 2 years.  The Sennheisers a great build quality, and the cord is better than the Sonys ever were.  However, the audio quality is a little uninspiring.  Sony's old MDR line was half the price and sounded better, but there are the best I've found for sale now.  If they dropped the price like 20% then I would be singing their praises.
Poor quality. Treble is way to high and there is no bass!  So how can you advertise as "Bass Earbuds" !? False advertising!
I bought these as a gift for my son, was so impressed with the aesthetic and the overall performance, bought a pair for myself. Outstanding low end bass and crisp high tweeter sound. Better than most of the others I've tried that cost 2.5 times as much. Highly recommend.
Great sound and fit! Works well with my Tune Belt also.
great headphones for the price. aboslutely love them. The sound quality is amazing.
excellent!!
Good basic buds - fit well in the ears and deliver solid bass notes and an even range - a mid priced good performer
They arrived exactly on time and are very fun to wear. They're good for audiophiles like me who enjoy wearing very nice earphones and want to get the good amount of sound for something cheap. I highly recommend this.
Outrageous Sound at a Bargain price!!!
For this price, I haven't found a better option earbud! Easy buy, great Quality for the price.
The quality of the product is great. Sounds amazing.The design would be much better if the length of the individual ear bud was either equal or the longer one was reduced. It is just too long and constantly hangs in what seems like the wrong place. When wearing these, there is pressure on the shorter ear bud causing it to seem like it is being pulled out of my ear.
It matches its price.
For the average person, these will give you some really nice sound for such small speakers.  If you are obsessed with good Bass like me, then 4 stars... It just doesn't quite give me the level of bass I crave... no... that I NEED.
These ear buds sound great  and you cannot beat the  price. I had to buy 3 other pairs just to keep the kids from stealing mine....
Nice quality but I expected a little more from Sennheiser
Their sound quality is quite good, and the build is quite great.The problem is that these tangle VERY VERY easily, much easier than even my cheaper earbuds. Having unequal cord lengths does not help this cause either.They are not perfect, but sound good.
amazing beats quality sound in earbuds for a great price. these have amazing bass. 11/10 would buy.
Great sound, great sound. The price is good for the quality. You can always find better... if you want to pay the price but I think these are the best for this price range
Work very well
Works great, takes a little getting used to one cord being longer than the other, but couldn't ask for better sound for the price!
Outstanding sound!  Love that it wraps around the back of my neck and cords hangs to my side.  Buds are right side for my small ear opening.
I lost an old pair of Sony earbuds and tried to replace them with these.  They're just okay, but certainly not an improvement over what I had.  I like them well enough to keep them, wish they were better.  I don't feel I get a good deep bass sound or crisp tenor.
Broke the first week I had them--I have other very expensive Sennheiser  items and they are all great --very disapointedwith the earbuds--Amazon and Sennheiser
Very good product. They are comfortable and have good music quality.
They are earbuds and they work.Sound quality a huge disappointment.Over 100 hours of burn-in and these sound thin, little midrange and no bass.Cannot recommend these, puzzled how they've gotten so many good reviews.
Terrific value for money great sounding headphones.  A bit heavy on the bass. So much better than regular ear buds.
These earphones sound great.  Nice and clear without an overabundance of bass.  The bass is still there, and it can still rock your ears depending on the music you play.  The sound quality doesn't match its price, as you would think these would cost at lease double than what I paid for.  The clarity in the music is astounding and I'm glad I chose these headphones.  One thing I do have a slight problem with is that the right earphone is longer than the left side.  I'm not sure where this design originated from, but I think it looks silly.  Also, I like to fold my earphones the way I do my instrument cables, but the different lengths makes it somewhat difficult.  Taking it out and putting it back in the included carrying bag is also a little bit of a hassle, but it is a great way to store your earphones so they won't get lost or damaged.
Opened my ears to the world of hire quality audio!
Great Sound
Love the sound that comes out of these earbuds.  Great price, wonderful, full sound............GREAT buy!
Great for running!
I love them, nice sound and verry confortable.  I can sleep whith them with out any discomfort
These have very good bass output but are just too harsh in the upper midrange/treble.  Clarity is good but the harshness kills the overall sound.  Comfort is very good.  Build quality is nothing special.  The asynchronous cable design (one side longer than the other) is cumbersome and unnecessary.
This is trash.
To me, they are excellent, and more than worth the price. I wear them for 2-3 hours a day, and am never uncomfortable. Sound is excellent, as you would expect from Sennheiser. I could not believe the difference from my old, generic ear buds.
They sound good, great bass, good highs, block out noise. I have Bose noise canceling headphones but they get too bulky sometimes on planes and make my ears hot. These are small, discrete and block out a decent amount of noise.
May not be as good as some other ear buds on the market, but they certainly pull their weight when it comes to bass reproduction - which is what i was looking for.  If you want excellent quality sound these are definitely what you are looking for!
Excellent sound, I do wish there was more bass. I don't like the fact that there is no volume control or mic on the headphones. I also don't like the fact that one cord is longer than the other. Make them the same lenght!!
These are the best earbuds that I have ever owned. The sound is excellent and it has lasted me for a little over a year. No other earbuds that I have ever owned lasted that long! This thing has totally paid for itself and I am very satisfied.
This is the second pair of Sennheiser CX 300 I have bought. I had the first pair for 3 years and was extremely happy with them (I'm sure they would have lasted even longer had I not used them while walking in the rain, thrown them in my backpack etc.) When they finally did break I ordered a new pair the next day. The sound quality, comfort and price of these earbuds is unbeatable. They are perfect for someone like me - a student who enjoys listening to music while studying (up to 7 hours a day so comfort and fit is important!), but doesn't need professional equipment. I tried several different Skullcandy earbuds before I found these and they are not only often more expensive, but they break so much faster and the sound quality is not even comparable.
Let me start off by saying that I like to think that I have a pretty good ear for good sound, and I do my research before I buy anything electronic. I'm a college student, and like many probably know, its essential to have a good pair of headphones in your backpack at all times. Before switching to these I had been sticking to cheap best buy brands (think skull candy and iPhone headphones) and figured it was about time that I got some real headphones. I bought these last September and haven't looked back since. These are an excellent sounding headphone for the price, and have been surprisingly durable over the last year. I lot of reviews I read before purchasing these complained about the thinness of the cord, and while its true that the cord is especially thin, if you treat these headphones well and keep them in the included case when you aren't using them they should last just fine. I honestly don't think there is a better deal on quality sounding ear buds out there. Highly recommended.
perfecto, suenan perfecto
perfect noise cancellation, bass seems to be perfect and not too much. Able to deliver the various music notes very clear & specific.Ear bud of various size is also a good option we have in this one. Design also seems to be perfect and gives elegant look.Have been using it from past 4 months.Overall its worth for money.
Decent sound, but extremely uncomfortable. Awkward to insert into your ear and keep it there, and the rubber earpiece moves around and squeaks when you move around or walk.
It's a Sennheiser and you get exactly what you expect. Sounds crisp with perfect bass and feels light in your ears.
Best earbuds I've ever had. Great sound quality.  Unfortunately after 2 months one ear stopped working.  It has a short already
great headphones for the price. aboslutely love them. The sound quality is amazing.
excellent!!
Decent headset. Survived 2 rounds in my washer and dryer.
Cord length after the joint is extremely asymmetric.Bass is extremely high.Not worth the price at all.
In all the reviews I never read anything about one side being 1ft. longer then the other. Anyway you try to wear them the "V" where the 2 chords join into 1, is up by whatever ear the short side is on. Impossible to even wear unless your sitting or laying down. I have had multiple earbuds over the years and have never seen this design. It is the worst design I have ever seen in my life. Doesn't matter if the sound is the best ever put into a set of earbuds.p, you can't wear them !!Went straight back to Amazon.
As far as ear buds go these are fine-have a problem keeping anything in my ears
Very good earbuds
Cord is too short to be practical for computer or handheld use and one side is longer than the other. Sound quality is ok but the bass and max volume is pretty disappointing.  Headphone jack has an annoying L shape design that ripped after extremely infrequent indoor use. Customer service was the worst of it. They wanted me to make an account on *their* website to replace their terrible product. No company does this... Ever. Way too expensive for a pair of earphones that don't even have a mic.
One side has a much longer cord.  Bass is good but not skull thumping. High needs to be broken in.  Really nice balances left and right sound wise.
Great sound and nice, comfortable fit.. Not sure about one side cable shorter then the other, but can live with it. Did I say they sound great...
Great Bass, clear sound. No complaints. + it's fairly cheap.
Not as great as previous Sennheiser headphones I have bought in this price range.
These earbuds get the job done. Great sound, great bass, great comfort. The short wire on the left earbud is a little weird, but you get used to it quick. For $35 these earbuds are amazing. Best pair I've ever owned.Pros: -Sound -BassCons: -Short Left Wire
The quality is great for the price. Unfortunately, I've had two of these eventually die.
All ok
My headphones do not work, the left instrument sounds much lower than the right. I want the wanrranty. What can I do?
Terrible wrap around design and poor ear piece design make for a pair of headphones that constantly fall out and the sound quality isn't impressive enough for the price
I bought these earbuds last year, and they sound awesome! I was recommending them to everyone, but just a few days short of a year of owning them, one of the earbuds stopped working, which is annoying. The left works perfect, but the right has no sound at all. Waiting for an email from sennheiser because they are supposed to have a 2 year warranty, but it has been awhile.Will update review after RMA process is done.
Nice ear buds, base is better than I thought possible for a product in this price range
I am so happy I bought these.  I can't believe they were originally just $79.00. The sound is so clear. I can hear instruments and vocals on familiar songs that I never heard before. The bass is perfect for me.
Since I was replacing my Sony earbuds (cost $29) that have the best sound of any I've used before, I was hoping to get the fullness of sound I was accustomed to (lots of clear bass). Since I was unable to find the Sony model for sale anywhere, I began reading reviews with "bass" as the key word. This Sennheiser sounded like a good bet, especially considering one glowing review by some guy who seemed to "know his stuff" on audio matters. (He listed several models of different brands he owned that cost literally hundreds of dollars.) Unfortunately, my Sennheiser CX 300 II Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds fell woefully short of the experience I had with my previous Sony buds. I finally decided that what I got was not really a Sennheiser product, but instead a knock-off made in China. I am very unhappy about that. I would not have bought these buds for anything over $12 if I had known the audio quality before purchasing. PS I was very sick last month (the possibly bogus buds didn't help). So it's too late now to return them by the deadline. I'm going to be mad at Amazon and this seller for a very long time!
Poor quality sound. Rattles when you walk and talk.
Amazing quality sound for a great price!
This is my second pair - the first pair I bought elsewhere - and I love it! Blocks out ambient noise while delivering clear, crisp, bass sounds.
This review is mainly a comparison between the Klpisch klipsch s4i  and the Sennheiser CX 300 II. Both are IEM's in my opinion are good, however at this price point CX 300's are just as good if not better than the S4's. They are very bassy out of the box and as with the S4's some amount of burnin is required for them to really sound at their peak. Right now the mids sound a bit muted but the bass is clean and very distinguishable and the highs are crisp and tight. That having been said both are great but at $32 vs the $60-100 price point for the S4's Sennheiser is the definitive winner.
Very disappointed because I bought these in June and just yesterday the wires inside the cord broke at the connector that goes into my phone. I used these every day because I am a big fan of audio books since I never seem to have time to read a book. I figured for the price they would have lasted a little more than 3 months. The only reason I gave it two stars is because the sound quality was very good
I've bought these earbuds twice now from Amazon. I am a part-time DJ and an avid gym rat and I highly recommend these earbuds for listening on the go. They aren't performance-level but the sound quality is great and if you like bass in your music, this definitiely enhances it. I've purchased other Sennheiser products for working out but these fit a little better than the over-the-ear ones and involve less work to keep the wires still while you run or work out. I will say that the left ear tends to give me equalizing issues a couple years of use but I don't know if that's an earbud or wiring issue. If you take care of them and wrap them properly after use, I don't see how they wouldn't last you years. The wires are durable but the audio jack and earbud wire sheaths can get cut easily, so watch how you handle them (aka, don't yank them out of bags).
I love these earbuds. They fit the ear snugly and don't slip out. I prefer them to the monster iBeats, which are more expensive. They have a great sound as well, and do a nice job of blocking out external noise. I will continue to buy these earbuds whenever I am in the market for a new pair.
Good quality and pretty good sound.
crystal clear sound... not too much on bass.. but its good.. i love the clarity even at low volumes on this headset.. it is ok for sweaty workout as long as you find a size ear cushions that fits better..
Nice ear buds, base is better than I thought possible for a product in this price range
I am so happy I bought these.  I can't believe they were originally just $79.00. The sound is so clear. I can hear instruments and vocals on familiar songs that I never heard before. The bass is perfect for me.
Smooth transaction; no issues; would buy again.
The sound is good. But I have lost it.
too small earbuds, and lower quality than i expected. not worth 32 doller.
I'm very pleased with these buds.  The sound is excellent, the fit is secure, and it cancels noise really nicely.  I've used them on my motorcycle and could hear the chord ring at the end of "A Day in the Life"  for the full 40-some seconds.
my standart samsung earphones sound better than this, mid tones normal,bass not bad, but treble so faaaar to be perfect :(
Excellent sound quality for my needs, I am primarily a Rocker so I love the bass in this Sennheiser model. I use a Sony Walkman 2 Mp-3 player primarily, and these are the only earbuds I actually have to turn the volume down on. They are also great for gaming and I have used them with both my Laptop and my Desktop gaming PC's when my head phones quit. I almost took an egg off due to one of the sides shorting out after a year and 4 months, but Sennheiser's replacement policy is second to none. They sent me a brand new pair after I sent the receipt copy and a brief explanation of the issue. I have owned several models of Sennheiser earbuds over the years and would highly recommend most, but especially these puppies.
very comfortable, though I didn't realize the cord for one ear bud would be shorter than the other, which I am not fond of
These are great headphones for the gym or just walking around. The sound is pretty good as long as you're not some sort of audiophile. Even then, they're pretty good for earbuds. Very durable, I've thrown them around and slept in them for nearly a year now. Great stuff.
The BEST headphones out there! Reduce background noise completely! The only brand of headphones I will ever buy.
Going from the Skull Candy and JVC Marshmallow garbage they sell at Walmart to these was like winning the lottery in every way.  Sound quality and especially the FIT are far superior.
They're good earphones, but I just want to know why where the wire splits into two earbuds one side is twice as long?
I have had these headphones for some time now and I appreciate them even more today.  They do not give a complete experience on the lower end but this does not usually get in the way of my favorite genres.  They are exquisite on the higher ranges and unless you keep only the highest music formats (>256kbs) you will never feel restricted by these. These headphones stay in my pocket whenever I travel.
Very strange configuration ... one ear strand is only about 8" long while the other is twice that length ... I've never seen anything like this on a set of ear buds.  I'm sure they sound fine - as long as you don't mind looking like a buffoon wearing them with the yoke dangling 8" below one ear.Has anyone else experienced this?  Were mine defective?  I sent them back.
The sound is very good, quality is good.
perfect sound! Couldn't be happier with these.
Good sound, clear highs, deep lows, almost no adjustments needed to your equalizers, but the asymmetrical is very awkward and can be hard to manage.
Work and sound great.
I do not recommend !!!!!!!  The left earbud cord is more then one foot shorter then the right side. There is no way to correct it and it makes for a rather awkward situation. The sound is okay but I do not recommend the purchase. Do not feel like the hassle of returning, just wish people could make products correctly
These earbuds are decent. Like one reviewer said, they're not the best for running. Since one side is longer that the other, it's inevitable that the shorter side gets pulled out with any little snag. The sound quality is fine, although I didn't notice it as being spectacular like some people claim.
work well
After class I went to a bar which is known to attract grad students from the nearby university. It got louder than usual and I put my new noise canceling headphones in, finally excited to use them for the first time! But my music seemed to just blend with the cacophony of noise. I was so annoyed, and couldn't focus at all, and wondered how anyone could study this way. When I took my headphones out I realized I had put in my old headphones on accident. After switching these headphones in I could hear some mumbled sounds but when I played my music it was perfect, I could study as if I was in the library. How did I ever survive without good headphones!?
So good I bought a second set.
crap
These headphones would receive 5 stars for sound - if they worked for more than a few months.  I purchased these in May 2014 and the left earbud has already stopped working.  I doubt this is a fluke since this is the second pair I've purchased and had break in the past year (same issue with left ear bud malfunction in both pairs).  Wish I was able to return or exchange.
Good headphones, as good as Beats, for half the price...
I was skeptical about the reviews, but I'm pleased with the purchase. The sound is pretty good and the fit is nice and comfortable. It's a fairly good deal for the price and I have recommended them to others who are interested.
These headphones sound great. Too bad that the headphones I received seem to have an issue where the left earphone is a lot quieter than the right earphone. Compared these to my crappy JVC Marshmallows they blow them away in audio, but my JVC's have equal sound in each of the earphones. Which makes me sad because these could sound phenomenal. I would've liked to exchange them, but not thinking anything would be wrong with them I ended up throwing away  the packaging. If you can get a pair the has equal sound in each earphone these will sound amazing!
Good sound, fair price, good fit.  Blocks out other sound at the gym.  I like the smallest set of rubber tips.  They fit my ear canal the best.
Very good earbuds.
The bass is so rich. It's like you are in a studio. I'm glad with my purchase.
Great sound, great value!
Sound quality is superb, but I hadn't realized how LONG the cable for the right headphone is to the left. It's OBNOXIOUS.
Great sound with affordable price.
These earphones are great for anybody who enjoys bass emphasized music. The bass is not too overpowering but instead it is very strong and deep. The mids and highs are definitely not sacrificed by the bass either. The overall volume output of the earphones is impressive as well for how small they are. My only complaint is they only lasted about three months for me before there was major distortion in the left earphone. This was due to the fact that I used them daily for an average of six hours a day while doing manual labor and going to the gym and I'm sure it was caused by mistreatment. I am about to order a second pair because it is hard to get such good all around quality in headphones at this price.
A surprising high quality of sound and I do mean surprising. I bought these to use in the gym and after plugging them into my iPod I was elated and you cannot go wrong for the price. They do block out a surprising about of sound and if you have loss less or flac files you'll be over joyed by the quality. I can't harp on the surprise enough, BIG sound with a small and affordable package.
It was broken in two week but the sound quality is amazing
These are great earbuds. I used to own a pair of similar Logitech Ultimate Ears at the same price-point, and these sennheiser's are much better. I like pairing them with foam tips, gives even more of a bass and full sound.One weird thing though, which is why it gets 4 stars: the cord for the right ear goes around the back of your neck. You pretty much have to use them this way, because the cords are not equal length and one is designed to go around the back of your neck. It takes some getting used to.
Great bass in it without pressing the other frequencies! As a bass player, this was absolutely what I had looked for. And now it is on my hand. Even without burning it in, it really packs a punch, i am looking forward to do a burn-in and see what these naughty buds can achieve. To conclude, go for cx300!
The fit is absolutely horrid, it falls out of my ear even while sitting. Don't get me started about working out with them. The sound quality isn't bad. The mids can be drowned out at time. I recommend the klipsch image s4 over these.
I've got to say: I've been a huge fan of these since I received my pair. They've lasted me a while so far, and I cannot see any wear and tear damage on them yet - even from daily use over the past few months!
These ear buds turned out to be as good as the reviews said they would be. Excellent sound including deep base. Simple as that.
I really wanted to like these earbuds.  Sound quality is excellent.  Not sure if the buds I received were 'irregular', but one side is shorter than the other, which is annoying to me.  Perhaps that is why the price was so low.  I gifted them to a family member who didn't mind the off size length.  Still looking...
Did not meet my expectations.
I will start off by saying these came in the mail very quickly which was very satisfying as my previous pair of earbuds had broken. (Creative EP-630i) Now, the cords for these are asymmetrical, meaning that you put one bud around your head to your ear. This was foreign to me as every audio device I had were the traditional two-cables that hang in front of you. I was skeptical about it at first, but learned to quickly cope with it and even prefer these style of cords. It fits and feels perfect in my ears.These earbuds exceeded my standards.Pros:- Amazing sound quality- Great bass- Looks great- Has a very professional feel- Comes with a fancy little pouch (no more alien tangles in your pocket!)Cons- Wind can be heard- Must pull out phone every time you want to change a track.
Very good look, sounds clear yet not the best.
Fantastic for the price.
These Sennheiser CX 300 II Earbuds are disappointing in several respects: (1) muffled bass--the bass is boomy and poorly defined, (2) very underemphasized mids/highs--vocals sound very far away and lack clarity.Informing the foregoing comments is my experience with (1) circumaural headphones--Panasonic RP-HTX7, which retails for just around $20 and a pair of well-regarded Sennheiser HD595, (2) Samsung earbuds pre-packaged with a Galaxy phone.Even the free samsung earbuds seem to have greater audio fidelity, although their low-end is wanting.In sum, these earbuds are good exercise headphones because they isolate noise adequately, but their performance audio-wise is simply mediocre. This conclusion is largely consonant the impressions of this headphone on such online fora as Head-fi and Audioholics.
My grandson Boppys and said they were quite well.
I get a terrible hissing sound when using these ear buds.  I bought them for use with my Roku 3 remote.  I have not had any issues with other ear buds connected to the remote device.  I also get a hissing sound when plugged into my Samsung Tablet and iphone.  I am a HUGE Senn fan, and am surprised at the poor quality of these buds.  I expected much more.
Poorly designed package, while attempting to open lost one of the extra ear tips. Product looks and feels of poor quality like a $7.98  earphone. RETURNED
Good price, nice headphones!
I think this is my third pair of these. The last one wore out after 4 years of constant use. You can't go wrong with these. Comfortable and durable and sound quality is as perfect as I require.
Makes music so much more enjoyable! These earbuds have so much power for their size. Sound is so precise, so clear, so clean. Bass is full sounding considering the size of these. Can almost be compared to my studio beats. I actually bought these to have something to work out in and just use when I'm walking around campus because my beats are so big and bulky (and hard for working out in).  I also bought these for the two year warranty because every earbud I have used breaks within 3 months. Just hoping that amazon honors the 2 year warranty if something does happen. The only cons that I found with these is that you can't turn the volume up very loud because the high tones hurt my ears. But honestly you don't need to turn the volume up very loud because they are very full sounding.  I am also concerned with the thin cord, but hopefully this won't be an issue. Overall this is a high quality product, with awesome sound quality!
Do not buy these  I'm very disappointed. The bass is not nearly as good as the product boasts. The range is simply awful, and the fidelity is virtually non-existent. I wanted to upgrade from my current EarPods, and they have proven to be far better than these.I was buying these as an intermediate upgrade until I could afford the Bose QC 20 earbuds.  These may be good for those of you who have never owned a good pair. They are a cut above most other $10-$20 earbuds out there, but for their price, and when they were so highly praised in the description, these are utterly trash. I'm not even gona bother to return them. I'll just give them away and go back to my old, better, Apple Earpods.
I have previously purchased Sennheiser products, previously the 200 series. I decided to upgrade slightly to these (the previous ones were fantastic, but wore out). These are amazing!! Beautiful clear bass and sound. Again, only slight complaint is no microphone or volume control, but you know exactly what you're buying with these. Please note the very cool ergonomically enhanced design that accompanies these earphones: wrap the right earbud behind your neck for ideal results. Highly recommendable!!
Good headphones
Shockingly good sound switching from normal ear bud style with good bass an isolation.  Isolation is so good I have to really watch for traffic.  I have hada few good "yanks" on the cable and no faiures yet so the thin wires are pretty durable.  The cable rubbing others mention is annoying but can be remedied with a clip to the collar.  That is my only complaint is that it did not come with the clip.  I run in hot weather and have not had the slipping out of the ear issue  so no complaints there.  Good buy at a great price.
I am not happy with my ear buds because they don't fit good and I am thinking of returning them.
These headphones are so dope, great quality
I love these earbuds. I've always used the cheap $5 earbuds you might buy at Walgreens, but I decided to upgrade to these, and it was absolutely worth it. They put out a great, strong bass and have a great range. They feel sturdy and well made, I've had no issues with the wires stripping or the audio cutting out.Although I love them, I had to remove a star because of two things: the first being that they're very finicky in staying put in your ears. I've tried all three sizes, but only one seems to work at all, and that's only 80% of the time. Also, while I could see some people enjoying it, I personally dislike the asymmetrical design. I decided not to remove an additional star for this, because I see it as more of an opinion rather than a design flaw.Overall, these are great economy earbuds that easily compare to more expensive, higher-end earbuds.
They're okay.
I have no idea why the right wire is so long. Thats my only complaint. But for sound quality, its just fine. It has rich bass but its not the best.
Great headphones...
My first impression is that it is not worth the price and the hype! I specifically bought this item based on a few detailed reviews comparing these to other high end headphones. The most obvious problem is the loud static noise. This should be a basic functionality that you expect a $10 headphone is great at, much less one with $70 MSRP. A strong base (or delivery of any range for that matter) is worthless if you can't filter the static. I tried different devices and in all of them I heard the loud static.
hands down the best headphone purchase I've ever made. I wanted to buy something slightly more expensive but with much higher quality, and this was it. I finally broke the cycle of new headphones every 6 months with these. One full year strong and zero problems.
Sound so great and strong I love it ..Comfortable !! like any normal earbuds so nothing impressive about itBass is okey but not like i expect but to be honest it's still better than a lot of other earbuds in store with same price ..at the end all i can say that i like it and i'm gonna buy another one for my brother ..Good quality & Price = Good Deal
Just got these today. I can honestly say they are the worst headphones I've ever owned. I understand that they are probably made for IEM (in ear monitors) but the fact that the right headphone chord is much longer than the other one makes them super inconvenient to work out with. Not to mention the bad audio quality... Bass boost is kind of like turning the bass all the way up in your car with no subwoofer, just sounds muddy. Don't buy.
Nice sound.
Shockingly good sound switching from normal ear bud style with good bass an isolation.  Isolation is so good I have to really watch for traffic.  I have hada few good "yanks" on the cable and no faiures yet so the thin wires are pretty durable.  The cable rubbing others mention is annoying but can be remedied with a clip to the collar.  That is my only complaint is that it did not come with the clip.  I run in hot weather and have not had the slipping out of the ear issue  so no complaints there.  Good buy at a great price.
I am not happy with my ear buds because they don't fit good and I am thinking of returning them.
These sound terrific BUT: They come out of the ear fairly easily and would be useless for exercise or running.  There is significant cord noise also if you are moving a lot.  If you want something inexpensive for exercise you will like the Panasonic RPHJE120 for less than $10--a steal.  You have to tug them out of your ear and they sound almost as good but different.  The Sennheiser's are quite bright, have a mellow bass and are slightly deficient in the treble somehow.  Don't get me wrong--they make Apple ear pods sound like dog doo or like a very large feather pillow was removed that was blocking the sound.  If you want the cymbals to really sizzle, I think you need to spend a LOT more money.  Unlike some, I love the case which is like an old-time coin purse and has a springy opening that is extra user-friendly.  Send me yours if you hate it!  These buds have a short cord to the left ear and a much longer cord for the right ear.  Why?  God only knows.  It is a pain, but you can work with it for this quality at this price.
Awesome set of headphones they sound great lots of bass I even accidentally put them through the wash last night and they still work 100% and sound the same as well.
The sound clarity is impeccable, the mids come through crystal clear and the bass is there and powerful.
They really do have a good bass sound, but its also very clear without sounding muddy. I've had and listened to phones that cost 9 times as much and really can't say those sounded any better. Definitely a good value!Good va
sound great, use them everyday
Very good
I expected it to be better. The ones my friend had sounded better. Maybe I got unlucky.
The headphone cord lengths are different so when you wear them like a normal person one ear bears all weight of the cord. This is especially annoying while working out since it virtually guarantees the shorter cord will get pulled out.I assume someone at Sennheiser designed this as a feature, but I can't tell what that feature would be. Like it or hate it, the product overview page does not list this "feature." I happen to hate it.
I love it
son loved them.
Maybe my ears are small
Fantastic for the price. One minor gripe that may annoy some buyers is that the right headphone cord is twice the length on the left.
The sound is good. The ear bud adapter thingies fit. These are okay things.However, the noise from moving the wiring around your neck, or shirt, or air, or looking at them will drive you a little looney. Especially if you listen to a lot of music or create music. They sound like they're unshielded. But hey, they're low on the price range.
Outstanding, flat frequency response with good low end. I bought 2 pairs, the second for a backup.
Amazing earphones!
Good base. Annoying cord. Good price.
great sound for such small earphones, especially the bass sounds are awesome.
Very speedy shipment...Totally  cool speakers
Very good... highest quality headphones.
I bought Sennheiser CX 300II from GadgeTimes on August-13-2014, It is shipped fast but the sound from left speaker is bigger than from right one.That is too bad. I don't expected the sound very good but at least the sound should balance between two speaker. I try to use it on some days but it is not better.
I am extremely unsatisfied with the quality of material used on these.  I have bought numerous Sennheiser ear buds and headphones over the years and these have by far been the worst.  Not in quality of sound but in quality of product.  The only time I use these ear buds are at the gym or on a bike ride so only a few hours per week.  Within a months period they have already shorted at the plug to the point where they will not produce sound.  I have another pair that lasted about a year and a half and it only has 1 ear bud shorted.  I decided to buy these as a replacement and unfortunately my old ear buds are serving as a replacement for these.
Worth the money, but definitely overrated.  Just OK.  Not Bose by any means.
I have used these no less than 4 days a week for running, working out at the gym, and blocking noise at work and they are STILL GOING STRONG AFTER 2 YEARS!! They get shoved in my purse or gym bag and I haven't lost the little rubber pieces, not had any issues with the wires. Thank you for making a product that is worth *every* penny. I just bought a second set to have on hand , because I know I won't be able to find another like these once they do give up the ghost. LOVE THEM!!
Base is great for the price!
I really wanted to like these headphones, but I just couldn't. Coming from a pair of Klipsch S4's, I was looking for something that had a bit more bass to them. And while these do have bass, it comes at a price. The boomier sound made for a much more muddy experience over all. Maybe my ears are now biased, but to me there really wasn't very much detail in the sound of these ear buds. Not to mention I couldn't use them for any extended amount of time without my ears becoming sore. I ended up going with the Klipsch R6's instead and am much happier with them vs these.
that bass tho
Good quality, it would be better  if more mid-tone sound
Fit good but sound cheap. Should be worth around $15-20.
The sound of low-frequencies is fine, but sound of the high-frequencies is too bad. I really want to return it! I don't know I can or not.
When these arrived, I was very excited. I took them out and started playing music immediately. Highs were sharp, barely any mids, and muddy bass. I read around that you should burn them in by playing music or random noise/frequencies to adjust the audio drivers. I googled "burn in pink noise" and let it replay the wav file at normal volume while I slept. The next day it sounded much more accurate. It's under much speculation if this is a scientific fact to work, but in my opinion, it made a huge difference.
Just wanted to say the product shipped in 2 days and can't say enough about the quality of the product. Simply amazing! Definitely an upgrade over the normal ear buds that you find in your local store.
I bought these to replace my older pair of Sennheiser earbuds. I was expecting the quality to be about the same but with the added bonus of being tighter fitting and thus providing passive noise canceling. I was shocked when I plugged them in for the first time; I actually had to turn the volume down. The sound is crisp and powerful and they block out all but the loudest ambient noise.They come with a carrying case and three sets of adapters to make them fit tightly in the ear canal. The only thing I do not like about them is the asymmetric cord, which is a matter of preference and my fault for not reading the item description. The plug is also a tiny bit large but seems fairly well made and durable.All in all they are well worth the price. I can't imagine ever buying/using headphones or earbuds made by anyone other than Sennheiser.
This is an excellent replacement from standard ipod earphones. The bass will blow you away.Pros: Highs, Mids, Lows, Excellent. Its one of the best sennheiser product.Cons: None
I was so excited for a set of headphones from a seemingly reputable company, but things didn't turn out as planned:PROS-great sound-noise-cancellation (you can't hear a thing outside! whether that's for the better or worse...)-fresh, crisp audioCONS-headphone material seems crappily made-after JUST 2 WEEKS, the input plug side of the headphones detached. so the plug itself was hanging by a thread from the rest of the headphones. PIECE OF JUNK.-I'm not a big fan of the left headphone wire being 1/4 or 1/2 the length of the other side...it got caught on my clothes very easily, especially when working out or walking quicklyThis was bought from Amazon, not some 3rd party, so I expected more...I have sent out for a return on this defective, junk hardware set of headphones. But let me be clear, if you get a good set of headphones, sound quality/audio is great.
These earbuds are just OK. They are not that much better or worse than any other earbuds I've had. So don't get your expectations too high.
Revised 1/8/2012*** I should've broken these in more (whether or not you believe in burn-in), as it's certainly made a difference in sound. Response has definitely smoothed out and the bass is a little less fluffy now, perhaps a bit tighter. Due to the bass response being less overblown, highs are now easier to pick out in the mix. That being said, they're still lacking some of the finest details, but it's likely not noticeable to the average person. I feel they're a solid pair of in-ears and a very good value for the money. Likely one of the best in-ears for under $50.***I'm a lifelong musician who collects albums and has attended over a hundred concerts. Music is my life, so I'm very picky about my gear, especially headphones. That being said, I'm also not rolling in money, so value is a big consideration. Sennheiser is well known for their high quality microphones and in ear systems, so I decided to give their CX300 MK-II earbuds a try. This is a tricky review for me, as I'm not used to in-earbuds, rather the after market earbuds that sit just outside the canal (similar in style to the Apple stock buds). Those provide decent treble, but no appreciable bass response or noise isolation. That being said, I'm still getting used to being "plugged up" with these earbuds, so bear with me.To be fair, I had to listen to several music samples and genres with various EQ settings. Sometimes an 80's song would sound phenomenal, but a newer song with more modern bass response would sound too 'fluffy.' The CX300s certainly have a smooth and warm bass response, however the bass response itself is highly dependent on the fit on the earbuds - I tried all three sleeves and prefer the middle ones. All are very comfortable to wear, but the smallest didn't provide the seal I needed. Bass is prominent through most of my music samples, but its important to remember what these things are - $30 earbuds. If you're expecting to be completely blown away, I suggest you pop for higher end headphones (expect to pay a higher end price for said phones).The treble of course is the counter balance to all that bass, and therefore my only point of hesitation. The bass is so dominating that it requires you to play with EQ settings to find a suitable balance. I find even with an extreme treble boost on my Sansa clip, I cannot get the kind of treble sensitivity I'm used to with out-of-earbuds. It's not distracting by any means, in fact they sound very rounded and smooth and judging from the reviews, many here are happy with the sound range. For me, it's all about what I can't hear anymore - I know there's more treble detail that the phones aren't expressing. Concerning the physical construction, the cord is a little on the thin side, and I will have to use care not to rough it up. The plug is also kinda obtrusive in that it juts out from my Sansa clip instead of hugging the unit (Im used to a smaller and more standardized 90 degree jack). Having an asymmetrical cord does not bother me, as I usually place my headphones cords behind my left side already.In conclusion: Big improvement over the standard Apple stock buds, I think the average listener would be very happy. Good bass response from a nice set of headphones, but the unbalanced treble will irk some of those who consider themselves audiophiles or are otherwise strict in their expectations. Perhaps the response will change a bit after a few hours of burn in. If I notice any change I will come back and edit my post to reflect that.
I've never been a fan of ear buds because, for some reason, they don't seem to stay in my ear.  That said, I took a chance on these based on reviews and must say that the sound quality is better than I expected and certainly better than other ear buds I've tried - and there have been a few of them.  There's more bass and the sound just seems to be clearer.  They still don't stay in my ears for an extended period of time, but I'm convinced it's my ears, not the buds.  So, they fit the job I bought them for, which is to let me hear music during my commute.  For home use, I use over-the-ear Sennheiser HD 555s and they are great.
After flying from LA to Chicago and struggling to hear my iPod music over the engine noise and passenger sounds (thanks, parents of screaming baby in 22F), I realized the iPod earbuds are kind of crap. Doing a little research, I found that most people have a lot of respect for Sennheiser's line of earbuds. This pair is pretty incredible. Not only do they have excellent sound reproduction with decent bass (for headphones), but they also do a fair job of blocking unwanted ambient sounds with their in-canal design. If you're looking for all of the above without breaking the bank, you could do far worse than these.
PROS: sound great, very comfortable, good noise isolationCONS: Not appreciably better than the 7$ cheaper cx300 mk1'sgot these as a replacement for my old cx300s when after 2 years the cable broke somewhere in the elbow. I'd read some places saying that these were somehow better so I got them for the 7 extra bucks they cost. I've got to say that seems to be pretty much bs the cable went from a separable 2 wire flat type to a single round type, there is a bigger separator, I really don't perceive there to be any great quality increase there, the elbow got a little bigger and thus taller. that is kind of convenient for my application but it isn't necessarily an improvement. They did however lengthen the cord by about 5 inches which is good. Since my old pair only works in one ear not it is hard to make a good comparison of sound quality but it seems to be no worse then the old ones, maybe a little less focus on base more mid-high. All that said they do sound really excellent especially considering you can get them for 30$ and they are outrageously comfortable, I can wear then forever even sleep with them on without ever having any discomfort. If these last for another 2 years like the old ones I will be quite happy with themMay be worth saying that I did pay like 2$'s more to get these actually from Amazon them self instead of some other distributor through them so that I would be able to make claims on the 2 year warranty from sennheiser that these have and also in hopes of not getting a counterfeit pair (which I didn't).
GREAT! Just got my head phones! The bass hits just right it is crisp not over powering but not weak. These are very comfortable  earbuds. A lot of earbuds, at least for me bother my ears, but these are wonderfully comfortable. I recommend these earbuds to anyone who's looking for quality but, doesn't want to pay to much because they may need to buy more in a few months because they are lost or break. The sound is wonderful and the price is even better. The only thing is I did NOT receive a black carrying case, but I probably wouldn't use it anyways. No big deal.
I have owned these for around 6 months now, and I can safely say they are my favorite pair of headphones yet.As soon as I took them out of the package I realized that one wire was longer than the other (wraps around the back of your neck), and was cursing myself for not having researched them more. I've always dreaded the offset wire layout. They do not come with the standard "Y" design. I have grown accustomed to the alternative design though. It is better in some ways, in that I can easily take the right earbud out of my ear to talk with someone and have it rest on my shoulder instead of it dangling freely with the "Y" design.However that is a minor aspect which I like about these earbuds. The sound quality is superb. I like a little bit of extra bass in my music. I don't listen to hip hop or rap or any music that is bass driven, but still, the extra bass is appreciated and not overwhelming. Highs sound great as well. I agree with some reviewers who claim that the mid ranges are "muddy".After having listened to some songs for years, I now notice more subtle details in them which I never heard before. My music sounds crisp.Some people will claim that a certain pair of earbuds does not have great sound. A common cause is that they are not placing the earbuds correctly in their ears, or are using the wrong size bud. One should not have to stuff the earbud in the ear. The earbud should also not be putting pressure against the ear canal. Before I realized I needed the smallest bud size that came with my previous pair of Creative Labs earbuds, I was experiencing discomfort and could not listen to music for an extended period of time. I'm a big guy (6'3"), but I guess I just have small ear canals!These earbuds will sound wonderful if they are placed in the ear correctly. Sometimes they will be oriented so minutely different than when I previously wore them that I can hear even more detail in my music and it sounds even better. That will hold true for most earbuds. I consistently get a good sound though.The one complaint I have with them is that the wire kinks up a lot. It has gotten better since I took them out of the package months ago, but I still have to play with them to get the wire unstuck from itself. I take good care of my earbuds as well. I never bunch them up. I also cannot run with these in. They have a stethoscope effect so bad that I cannot stand it.If you listen to music while doing any movements equally or less physically stimulating than walking, these earbuds are for you. Overall I am very happy with them and will buy from Sennheiser again. Right now I am deciding between buying Sennheiser HD 595's or the PXC 450's. So I have been hunting around looking at reviews. I know how time consuming it can be to find the right pair, so I decided to help a fellow buyer out.
I just bought this pair of earbuds near my work. They have excellent bass and low-mid range! My only beef is that the highs are muffled into the bass. You don't get much clarity out of the high hats and vocals.
I re-purchased these exact headphones because of their excellent quality, after loosing my first set. The entire package comes with 3 different size rubber ends for the earbuds, a carrying case, and the buds themselves. The sound provides clear highs, mids, and lows. In terms of noise reduction, they do a great job. If you're in the office, or at home, and are using the earbuds with music on it will reduce all other environmental noises letting you focus on whatever you're listening to. It's great if you work in a loud office and need a moment of silence to focus on your work.
I've had good luck using these at the office and on planes.  They block out sound well (they come with three different sizes of earpieces, so they should accommodate most people) and have good sound quality.
I bought these for my dad to use with his iPod, but ended up testing them out a few times. Compared to the CX200s that I personally own and use, the bass is much more dominant in the 300s and overall sound quality seems to be better. However, the same problem plagues these headphones like most others from Sennheiser. If the cord rubs against something or there's jerky movement, the noise transfers to the headphones and gets annoying quickly, but it's not a complete dealbreaker if you're like me and just crank the volume up.
I went to Amazon to purchase an additional pair of Creative Earbuds.  However, reviews for these earbuds were so outstanding, I took the chance and purchased this brand instead.  Wow!  When I am working out, I cannot hear any exterior noises..only the wonderful sounds from my Nano.
These are the most comfortable headphones I have ever used. They're so tiny, powerful and lightweight, I literally walk around with them plugged into my ears for 5 hours or more daily and I do not even notice they're there. (Not to mention falling asleep with them plugged in).I bought these directly from the company after having sent a pair for repair. Those ended up being fakes, so no warranty. But the rep was nice enough to offer me a pair for $15 (the same price I had paid initially for the fakes which I loved so much), I didn't think twice. But instead of receiving the CX 300, I got the CX 300 II which sounded even better than the fakes, and with a remodeled, smaller body which made wearing them even more comfortable.I compare every headphone I buy to these. The sound quality is unbeatable for the price and I end up returning every other headphone I buy cuz I simply can't give these up. I just wish they had a mic for the iPhone.Pure excellence.
First off, while they're working they sound fantastic. Especially given the price.I was sent a fake at first. Contacted seller, they then sent me a real one. One thing you should know - Senheisser gives a 2 year warrantee with their headphones if you buy them from "authorized dealers". The sellers on Amazon however are not authorized dealers, and so you get no warrantee. That's particularly bad considering these earbuds tend to last no more than 2 to 4 months at most before they short out. Sadly buyers don't know about these issues when they buy from here and find out only after their earbuds die. Amazon should do better than that. I'm surprised to see that over a year after buying mine, the problems still exist.
Sound quality is great for the price. Some of the best earbuds I've ever owned. Excellent highs and deep rich bass. Mids get a little lost so you may need to boost that on your device but thats easily done. Highly recommended especially for the price
I've had a range of headphones ranging from cheap to very expensive, and I'd say these are a good value for the price.  Sound quality is good and blows away 'stock' headphones that comes with mp3 players.
I bought these off Amazon from the seller Triplenet Pricing for around $30.  I was worried about them being fake because I read the reviews and some people said they received fakes.  The ones I got are not fakes, they are real Sennheiser's and they sound great and isolate noise really well.  Got these to replace my Skullcandy Ink'd which keep breaking after a few months, hope these last a lot longer because they definitely sound better!
Fantastic...The sound's quality is incredible. It fits in you ear, the quality of the cable is very good!! I AM VERY SATISFIED. RECOMMEND!!
The audio quality is good for in-ear headphones - but the comfort of these headphones is unparalleled. The rubber padding is soft and provides a snug, comfortable fit in-ear, ensuring excellent noise reduction. Heartily recommend these great headphones.
I've long been an ardent supporter of Sennheiser products.  I've owned several models of their headphones, including: on-ear, circum-aural, and ear-buds.  So, when I got my new iPod, I thought these headphones would create a perfect pairing.I was dramatically dissatisfied when I finally got the buds out and gave them the full-gamut tests.  The sound imaging and frequency response is hyper-condensed, making for a muddy unclear listening experience.  Additionally, the cordage is rather flimsy, along with the silicone ear-canal adapters.You'd be almost as well off spending $15 for a cheap pair of Sony buds.One pro: these are comfortable buds, even for protracted listening sessions.  However, if you really wish to satisfy your sound desires, purchase either one of Sennheiser's "Audiophile" ear-bud models or the Klipsh S4's.My two cents...
I bought this product and I am absolutely sure it is not genuine product. To be really honest, I do not really know how to rate built and sound quality as well as noise reduction because this is the first time I bought Sennheiser. It is for my boyfriend who loves listening to music. I am not really a music person though, but I do care if for original product.This product did not come in box as it should and more important thing is there is no manual warranty book which should be there because Sennheiser product Built-tough with a 2 YEAR warranty!I have read some reviews on other products and some said that they get fake stuffs. Well, I can not trust this site anymore.
I have owned several pairs of the CX300's and loved them all. I typically get them for under $30 on sale but would pay more if I had to. The reason I have had several is that I either lose them on a plane or give them as gifts.I just completed a review of the Bose IE2 earbuds... and it wasn't pretty (2 out of 5). I picked them up through an airline mileage program that was about to expire... wish I could return them and spend that $99 elsewhere. I know Bose is over priced but their headphones (QuietComfort 2) that I have are quite good - that's why I tried the IE2's. Bad decision... I am back to my trusty and great sounding Sennheiser CX300 for earbuds.
I bought the Sennheiser CX-300 II Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds.For me, I found the build to be excellent! The main plug & cord is of that thick, black, rubbery silicone material. Putting them in the little spring bag provided, they NEVER get tangled up. My old Sonys were forever tangling every time I used them. The cords to the ear pieces seem very sturdy. With three choices of rubber tips, I used the medium size and the fit was great & very comfortable.The sound is great & when I pumped up the bass, that was excellent as well.I bought these for twenty-five dollars after a five-dollar online rebate. At BB, they were sixty. What a deal!These are, without a doubt, the nicest & best quality earbuds I've ever owned and at an unbeatable price.
If one of your biggest concerns is in the comfort category, specifically as you sleep while listening to music, these earbuds feel good enough with a regular pillow; but they work even better if your head is cradled within the "scoop" between the neck support and upper half of a pillow you can probably also get at an ergonomics store (not just a chiropractor's office). My pillow is years old and has retained its shape. Why does this feel/work better? It's simply that as your head moves during sleep, you can easily, unconsciously smush your ear to the pillow in a direct enough way as to close down the route the music takes to your eardrum. Try pushing one earbud into your ear with your finger -- you can get the same effect. But that more open area of my pillow won't do that near as easily, thus all night long I can be relatively more assured I'm getting a complete balance of sound.Even if the nondisturbance of others isn't an issue, this method beats having a boombox on, because again, while on your side, one ear is naturally losing some of that balanced sound. With this very good earbud -- one not jamming your ear with pain -- you've got both sides covered.I had imagined the smaller tips would do me best but I was wrong. I have normal-sized ears and still they left too much of a gap. I was getting that high trebly sound but hardly any bass. Yet the larger ones still accommodate my comfort while on my side, as explained above. The neck pillow completes the experience. Good luck.
I used to have a set of regular CX300s. These are WAY better! I don't know how other to describe it but it sounds like these buds are a foot away from my head..... the stereo separation is INCREDIBLE! There is not one frequency range that I can hear that is lacking. I consider myself an audiofile.... and for what you get for what you pay for, this deal cannot be beat! 5 Stars NO DOUBT AT ALL!
There are my first plug-in earphones and they work great.  The sound quality is excellent and they come with different size ear plugs for best fit. Bass is excellent! They also do a good job in isolating extrior sounds, tried them on a recent flight and I very much enjoyed the music. As with an plug-in type of earphones, you have to insert them in a way that won't cause discomfort.Excellent value for the price, highly recommend them!
This is one of my first Sennheiser products and would absolutely recommend it! Sound quality is unbelievable for their size, and I actually don't need full volume to hear the nuances of an album. Easy to slip in a pocket and lightweight to wear. Best for the price, far and away!
I bought these because they were cheaper than best buys black friday deal, and im glad i did. Noting really special, at least nothing i felt that made these headphones stand out. They are on par with my $8 skullcany headphones.
I've bought two pairs of these earbuds: one pair to keep by my bed and one pair to keep in my coat or backpack. They're great. I do have some higher-quality headphones that I keep by my computer, but these are definitely good enough for whatever I throw at them; and although they're durable enough to last a long time (e.g., strategically-reinforced sections of the cord), they're also cheap enough to be easy to replace. It's hard for me to imagine a better "sweet spot" of price and performance. Also, the earbuds are a behind-the-ears design, which is FAR superior to the alternative. Major points there.
I have been using the Sennheiser PX100 over the ear portable headphones for a few years, but decided to try something a little more compact to use on my commute.  I love the PX100's comfort and audio qualities, and wanted to see how these little earphones would compare.  They hold up pretty well in comparison, but with some minuses.  In terms of the rendering of natural sound they do a very good job, with good balance (not too tinny nor bassy).  It's a very close match to the audio qualities of my beloved PX100s.  The only thing I don't like is the fit of the headphones.  My ear opening is small, and using the smallest size buds, I still have to force them into the opening to prevent them from falling out.  Comfort is a slight issue as they are not the most comfortable earphones.  Over the ear headphones are the best in that regard.  However, for short trips on my commute, for the small size, and the sound quality, I'd say it's a good buy for the price.
I've reviewed dozens of headphones from over-the-ear to in-ear, from $10 throw away buds to $400 studio quality--These are by far the best buds I've ever gotten for under $25.I used V-Moda Bass Freq, Klipsch Image S4, and iPod earbuds as my control groups. My caparison is on sound quality only.So, let me compare to each:V-Moda: The CX300 create a much cleaner and brighter sound. The bass is adequate, but isn't nearly as present; the V-moda can be a bit overpowering.  This understated bass may be a good thing for some listeners.  Personally I prefer bass quality over bass quantity.  At basically the same price +/- $5--there is no comparison--CX300!Klipsch: These two are matched pretty well. There is a bit more punch with the Klipsch (I've heard many complain that the S4s don't "kick" enough, but I imagine they are kids looking for 12" sub-woofers in their ears). Aside for slight differences in bass characteristics the sound quality/stage is very similar--that is to say "decent, but not great." But at $25, who's complaining.  This is where the Klipsch go down for the count..they're 3 x the price.  Winner? CX300!iPod: Of course, the CX300 were superior in every aspect--what isn't?A bonus on these CX300s is that the 3.5mm jack in angled and reinforced, this is a nice feature as most cords short out at the flimsy connection to the jack.All-in-all the CX300 buds are about as good as you're going to find at the $25 price point--So go get a pair, or two!UPDATE: Dec 23--(2 weeks of use)I've been comparing these to my JVC Xtreme Xplosives and there are pros and cons:The CX300 are very clear and crisp with very nice staging. But, the highs can be a little tinny and overbearing. Also, the bass is clean but not deep and full., it is "punchy," but seems a little "hollow."The JVCs have a much more full and encompassing bass response, but the mids and highs are canned and less present; not nearly the same staging characteristics as the CX300.So, If you are looking for overall sound quality and staging, go for the CX300. If you are looking for more aggressive sound and more durable buds, look to the JVCs--It's kind of a "choose your battle" situation.Honestly, if you want to have your cake and eat it too, you should look to Shure, Etymotic Research or Ultimate Ears (though I think UE has very poor customer service).
Let me first start off by saying if you really want these headphones to melt your ears with its bass, you need a good equalizer. Itunes or iphone equalizer is not sufficient and will not produce great bass. I am running an Android phone rooted with CM7 with their DSP App settings with the bass setting set to "slight" and the sound effects set to "deep". For me this produces the cleanest and deepest bass. ( I know a lot of you may not know what I'm talking about but for those people that do, buy these headphones and run those settings or experiment for yourself). For Android people who are not rooted you may want to look into the app "poweramp" they have a nice equalizer as well. I haven't tried any of the other android equalizer apps that are out there. For my laptop I use the Built in Beats audio equalizer, again Itunes is not sufficient for great bass from these headphones. I'm so amazed at how cheap these headphones are and how much bass they can produce. When compared to "ThinkSounds" bass enhanced headphones I would pick the sennheisers everytime. I also love how the wire wraps around the back of your neck  instead of having 2 long wires dangling in front of you and getting in your way. Sennheisers wires stay out of the way which allows you to be active and not have to worry about trying to clip the wire somewhere out of the way. For 20.00 these headphones really are a steal.I recently lost my first pair which I loved. To my surprise this second pair I bought has even better quality, a thicker Cord, better fitting earbuds for small ears and a magnetic leather carrying case.
I ordered these when a pair of JLab JBuds Hi-Fi Noise-Reducing Ear Buds (White) I had died on me. First thought was, "just buy some more" then I thought about those Sennheiser HD 202 II Professional Headphones (Black) I had in the office. I had to give their buds a shot. The price was right ($23) and they were in stock. When I got them I plugged them in and tried them out with various types of music and was pretty impressed. No audiophile here, but the music (basic ACC's & MP3's - from Ambient to Metal to HipHop) all sounded warm and cozy. These things are bass happy, as advertised. The highs weren't as piercing as with the JLabs, but everything seemed a bit cleaner and softer around the edges. If you don't like bass from buds that make you go, "Man, how do they do that?" don't get these. If you do you're in luck, buy these first before you spend major coin on those Beats by Dr. Dre Tour High-Resolution In-Ear Headphones from Monster these may fit the bill for a lot less and very little if any loss in sound quality.
Just really getting into ear phone, ear buds. Recently purchased an I Pad 2 and my son loaned me a pair of  unnamed earbuds. All  I can see is a S on the end of each bud. I was surprised  at how good they sound.My family owns an  iMac, Mac Pro Book, two iPhones and four IPods. Also own one hellava home  theater system. High end Harman Kardon AVR coupled to a Klipsch RF 7  horn loaded speaker system in a 7.1 configuration, Oppo Blu Ray hooked up to a top of the line 50 inch Panasonic Plasma. The Klipsch 12 inch sub literally shakes the pics on the wall. You can feel the bass in the pit of your belly.All that that being said is just to establish I know a little about music and the potential of how it can sound comng from quality equipment. My musical taste are wide, but at heart I am a  R & B purest loving great and funky bass lines. I just opened and hooked the Sennheiser CX  300 II buds up to my IPad II.First impression is they don't sound any better than the buds  my son loaned me. What is annoying so far is they are itching my inner ear canal.  The other buds don't do that.  I just switched them out to recheck again they definitely itch, not a good thing. I do detect an improvement in bass and the tremble is too shrill. I can see ear fatigue coming already. I understand music is recorded across a broad spectrum using various techniques. When you factor in the time span of my music collection, late 1960s until now, one can see it takes versatility to handleball of the content. I can attest that while the music is playing you cannot hear anything outside. My wife was watching a DVD and I could not hear a sound. In fact the bass sound waves fooled me because I could feel them in my belly, but I could not hear anything.I am well aware of burn in as my Klipsch speaker system required it and indeed over time they sounded better. I hope this is the same with these buds. I am not saying they are bad buds at all. I am saying the verdict is still out. At the price point $24, Idon' t see a mistake. Time will tell and I will report my findings as objectively as I can................................................................................................................................................................................................................As promised have had time for burn in and yes they needed several hours of play time to do that. With that said I am a R&B fanatic. I love the bass runs in great R & B songs. These buds expose the  imperfections  in older recordings. However they handle the newer recorded music wonderfully. Listening to Michael McDonald's, I Second That Emotion is a treat. The bass is deep and clean, the midrange is good also. On the Temptations, Beauty's Only Skin Deep, Jamerisons bass licks are clean, but this is an old recording and these buds reveal the limitations of the equipment.I will definately purchase another pair of this brand.
These are the most comfortable headphones I have ever used. They're so tiny, powerful and lightweight, I literally walk around with them plugged into my ears for 5 hours or more daily and I do not even notice they're there. (Not to mention falling asleep with them plugged in).I bought these directly from the company after having sent a pair for repair. Those ended up being fakes, so no warranty. But the rep was nice enough to offer me a pair for $15 (the same price I had paid initially for the fakes which I loved so much), I didn't think twice. But instead of receiving the CX 300, I got the CX 300 II which sounded even better than the fakes, and with a remodeled, smaller body which made wearing them even more comfortable.I compare every headphone I buy to these. The sound quality is unbeatable for the price and I end up returning every other headphone I buy cuz I simply can't give these up. I just wish they had a mic for the iPhone.Pure excellence.
First off, while they're working they sound fantastic. Especially given the price.I was sent a fake at first. Contacted seller, they then sent me a real one. One thing you should know - Senheisser gives a 2 year warrantee with their headphones if you buy them from "authorized dealers". The sellers on Amazon however are not authorized dealers, and so you get no warrantee. That's particularly bad considering these earbuds tend to last no more than 2 to 4 months at most before they short out. Sadly buyers don't know about these issues when they buy from here and find out only after their earbuds die. Amazon should do better than that. I'm surprised to see that over a year after buying mine, the problems still exist.
Shipping was fast and easy!! Great sound, comfortable and fit in the ears perfectly. I would recommend them to anyone looking for great ear buds!!
These headphones are pretty much awesome. They provide clear sound, with a lot of bass. Some may say there is too much bass and it can muddy the sound, I don't think this is the case. I think the bass is perfect and it is often something headphones of this size and price are missing. Also, they are extremely comfortable, I wear them for almost 8 hours continuously and I experience almost no fatigue.
Truly, the sound IS very clear and the price is great. But the sound is on the very high end of the sound spectrum, with virtually NO low, sweet bassiness.
these were my first pair of higher quality headphones ever.  I bought them about 4 years ago.  I paid $50 for them.  After hearing how awesome the sound was, I thought to myself "if these were only $50, I wonder how great the sound would be if I spent $150 or $300."  And so I did....I bought the Sennheiser 595's (GREAT cans), I got the Monster Turbines, I got the Shur SLC2, I got the Sennheiser PX200's, and I got two other kinds of sennheiser earbuds which I ended up giving away to my girlfriend and brother.  Don't get me wrong, all of these new headphones I experimented with were great.  But I can honestly say that these are STILL my favorite all-around headphones.  Matter of fact I am bumping some Radiohead in them right now.  They are awesome for all kinds of music - incredibly balanced bass, superior sound quality, awesome noise reduction, everything you could possibly want.  hip hop, classic rock, soul, jazz, blues, electronic are the styles of music I listen to most - great for all.I will say that you may want an alternative pair for the gym, as they are not perfect for running cuz of the cord.  Other than that tho, I have used and abused the hell out of these things.  I have stuffed them into so many pockets, duffle bags, computer bags, drawers, leave them in the car in the summer.  You named it, I've done it with them and they are still perfect.  hopefully you will all be as lucky as me and get a pair that lasts for a very long time.I just wanted to come on here and share that thought, as it just dawned on me while I was listening to some music how much I really do love these things, and how I still somehow always grab for these 7 times out of 10, even when I have an entire collection of great headphones to choose from.  It could also be a comfort thing I suppose....they are easily the best fitting headphones I own.that is all.
Sennheiser should be ashamed offer a product like this.  With a quality name and high price I was expecting a quality product.  Instead I received a cheap pair of headphones that sounded worse than they looked.  I have a pair of extremely cheap Rocketfish headphones that I could swear were the exact same model with a different name.  The sound is horrid, you may as well be playing telephone with a couple of tin cans and rope.  Do yourself a favor and do not buy these headphones.  Other reviewers have said that you need to break them in but for this price that is unacceptable.When placing the bud into your ear canal you can hear the diaphragm crackle.  Bass does not exist. The bud is not comfortable and will not hold well in your ear because it is too short and fat.  The carry pouch is cheap and lame.Ownership: 14 pathetic daysGet your headphones form a different company.  There is no value to this product and I would not trust a single product from this company.Edit 11/14/2011: Discussion in the comments: It's possible I got a fake or counterfeit pair of Sennheiser headphones.  I am not certain they were fake and will leave my rating as is.
I have been using these earbuds for approximately 6 months and the L shaped connection from the cord to the the metal plug has just broken and sound is now only coming out of one earbud. It began coming loose about a month ago and sporadically I would lose sound in one of the earbuds. Now I can't get any sound from that earbud and the cord is almost completely detached from the plug. My last pair of earbuds (not Sennheiser) lasted approximately 4 years. The cord that wraps around the users neck (as these are asymmetric earbuds) was too long also. Very disappointed for the price I paid and I will not ever buy another pair of these. And, I am not an expert when it comes to sound quality so although in the title I said they sounded crisp, that doesn't really mean very much. They sound like any other earbud I have used to listen with.
If you are looking for a simple pair of earphones that produce exciting sound from your iPod while on the go, then these are the ones for you! I have tried several pairs of earphones since looking to upgrade from the Sony Mdr-Ex55/Blk Ex Earbuds. I've tried the Ultimate Ears Metrofi 220 and even the Sennheiser CX 380II (the sportier version of the CX 300) but these earphones clearly stand out as a winner for several important reasons.First, the sound emitted from these tiny buds is simply outstanding and refreshing as it delivers clear highs, balanced mids, and crisp lows. I immediately noticed a steep improvement over my less superior Sony's through its voice clarity and a resounding oomph in the bass response. The bass is very important to me in headphones because in my very eclectic taste in music, I love listening to plenty of Rock, Techno, Rap, and even Classical/Orchestral music--all genres that I believe should be enriched with a quality bass response. The Sennheiser CX 300II met my expectations as the bass had a nice "thump" to it that wasn't over exaggerated. I thought my Sony's produced good bass, but Sennheiser has since set a new standard for me.The ergonomic and comfort aspect of this style earphones is also a true winner. I seem to be one of the few advocates of the asymmetrical design in cord length because it not only helps reduce wire clutter in front of your chest, it also reduces unwanted noise caused by rubbing against the wire because the cord is already laying on you. In contrast, Y-shaped cords have a tendency of bouncing against your chest as you walk and are always in the way of things like your zipper. I'm a daily train commuter who truly utilizes the advantage of the asymmetry of the CX-300II's design as I take my coat on or off or even while I read a book. The comfort doesn't end there because the simple ear bud design provides a two-fold advantage for the listener on-the-go: 1) a great seal which is key for noise isolation which gives you the sound quality and especially bass recognition, and 2) a strong hold in your ear that doesn't even give way with slight tugs on the wire. This last characteristic might sound trivial at first, but let me tell you there's nothing more frustrating than having to fix your ear buds with every turn of the head like other ear buds have a tendency to do. (I returned the Sennheiser CX-380's for this reason since the design of those buds never wanted to stay in my ears). I easily wear these CX-300IIs for up to 5 hours a day with never any discomfort. This model has a total cord length of almost 4' and a gold-plated right angled plug which are two great aspects in its design to consider as well.I haven't found any noteworthy complaints about this product yet and with such a bargain price offered on Amazon here, I highly recommend this product.P.S. I listen to all of my music with the EQ off on my iPOD touch 3G which, by the way, has a stark improvement in sound reproduction by its amplifier over older iPOD models I have owned. Something to consider when you, the smart shopper, is reading this review and others like it because you should wonder if the reviewer is using the earphones on the same type of device you use and if your current device produces the highest quality sound.
very nice headphones. I had these ones before, and got them again. Will buy them again
I happen to run across the Sennheiser in a parking lot I was lucky. Ive had this same pair for over a year and bout to by another pair, Ive dropped them in my drink and washed them in the laundry with no lost in sound quality, Ive tried several others which where a waste of money. These are diffidently a 5 stars for me.
This product is good, but from the packaging and overall finish I initially felt its not the genuine Sennheiser (I also have Sennheiser MX 85 Sport series earphone which is a genuine one coz I got it from Sennheiser store)Anyway since the sound quality is good when connected to my Sansa Fuze I am happy and I rate it 4 stars
I was very happy with the original CX300's. They were my entry into in-ear buds and the quality difference was signicant (coming up from regular Apple earbuds).The new model is awful (as is the CX200 [II?] and CX500). The sound quality and comfort is still wonderful, but the iPhone-compatible connector is awful. It breaks after a few weeks or months of heavy use. It's partly the fault of iPhone (because of the deep hole you can't grasp it from very low), but mostly Sennheiser for not taking it into account when they market is as iPhone-compatible.If your player doesn't have the Apple-specific narrow connector, then go with the original CX300's and you'll be happy. If you have to look at narrow connectors - look at competitors. That's what I'm going to do after being a trusty Sennheiser fan for several years.
The name says 'Precise Bass' but all I can hear is the treble. The treble is amazingly clear, but I bought these specifically to hear more bass and these just don't deliver. I have been a fan of Sennheiser for over 30 years and will continue to buy their products, but this one just fell short of my expectations.
Used the headphones for about 2 months now.  Nothing too strenuous and I always kept the cord inside my shirt and my mp3 player in a pocket.  In the last week, the cord has developed a short somewhere near the jack insert.  I believe no matter who the manufacturer is, a set of headphones purchased should last for more than 2 months unless they are cut or damaged somehow.  Needless to say, I am very disappointed in this purchase.
When you move your head you get a deep thump from the moving cords, almost like a stethoscope. Never foun the pob with others. Bought it from your Deal , the first set i recieved one headphone was not working and same was the case with second one as well.
I had previously been using some 5-6 year old Sony MDX (forget the exact model) earbuds that I had picked up for ~$60 back in the day. I loved them to death in every way and finally they gave up the ghost.I figured, technology + time meant I could probably grab some $30 headphones and they would be pretty equivalent. How wrong I was.Regarding these Sennheiser CX 300 II head phones:- Sound is ok. Could have more bass. Just doesn't sounds as good as my old ones. Disappointed. Also they have an actual mini-speaker with a wire mesh over it (imagine stock iphone earbuds, and miniaturize the speaker to it can sort of fit in your ear canal. This was _very_ different from my MDX which from visual inspection you could see no speaker, only a tiny hole.- Fit. Not too bad. Can wear them all day and be comfortable, but still don't feel as good as my old ones. However, they are hard to grasp to put into your ear, and I feel like I'm going to break it trying to get it fitted properly.- Has one cable longer than the other. I'm fine with this and actually prefer it.Major cons for me:- The wire mesh over the speaker, when I'm adjusting the earbuds or trying to put them in, it's obviously under some pressure and makes a sharp twinging noise (almost like it's cracking or being bent). Insanely annoying and its quite loud so that it actually hurts. Only happens on the right side, and doesn't happen on the left bud.- Insanely bad line noise. Like absolutely ridiculous. If you move around at all, your going to hear it. Very distracting and ruins the experience.- Occasionally when I do move around - it actually shocks me. Yes. I get electrocuted in my right ear. It's not anything super severe or extremely painful, but its very disturbing, and freaks me out. I can't relax because of it. Completely ruins my listening experience.Honestly maybe I just got a rotten pair. I'm considering returning them (if that is at all possible).Even if the wire mesh didn't make the tinging noise when adjusting them, and even if I didn't get shocked when moving around - I would still not recommend these. The sound is not as good as I was expecting, the quality of the product feels cheap, and trying to adjust and put them into my ear - while "easy" - feels like I am going to break them at some point. This may be due to when I put them in, I then twist them so they sit properly. The "twisting" puts a lot of pressure on the line / cable coming out (there isn't anything else to get leverage on) and it just feels flimsy - like it will break.Cannot recommend unless you are easy going and don't care too much. I'm picky and these definitely are IMO quite terrible. I should have paid more $$ for something with more quality.
I bought these to replace a pair of skullcandy ink'd earbuds that I had lost at the library. I saw these pop up on my recommendation page. I said, "what the heck?" They were well priced and they were Sennheisers. When I got the package, the box was scratched and there was no included instruction booklet as suggested. The "leather" pouch was obviously pleather. The sound quality was iffy and I could distinctly hear a thumping sound. I was kind of irritated that I bought a fake. Well I have learned my lesson. While Amazon does have some real finds, this purchase was a real let down. Buy from an authorized dealer shoppers! It is worth it!
Great value! I like the case on the Shures better and the cord could be thicker, but overall these are a great value with excellent sound.
Bottom-Line: You can't go wrong with the Sennheiser CX300 Ear-Bud Headphones.Strangely enough--I should the word be unfortunate?--the iPad does not ship with ear-buds.  The 3.5mm ear plug is there, but the ear-buds are missing!  So, soon after purchase my iPad I started casting about for a decent set of head phones.  Standard sized headphones just would not do; too pigs and bulking and certainly not portable enough.  Ear-buds were the most viable alternative.  I of course wanted Bose, but the entry point into anything Bose is steep, too steep as it turns out; who wants to pay close to $100.00 for a set of ear-buds?During my search I ran across the Sennheiser CX-300 Ear-Bud Headphones for a reasonable price ($24.95 at Amazon.com).  They received reasonably good reviews on the site--and here at Epinions--so I decided to purchase them.  The CX-300 Ear-Bud Headphones are designed for use with Hi-Fi audio, portable MP3 players, or laptop computer.The black Sennheiser CX300 are non-ported in-ear German-mad ear-bud type headphones. They ship a handy case and (3) sets of removable silicone ear pads: small, medium--installed on the ear-buds--and large to of course fit different ear canal sizes.The Sennheiser CX300 have a frequency response of 18Hz-21,000Hz (human hearing is 20Hz - 20,000Hz), with some 16 Ohms of impedance.  The ear-buds use a stand 3.5mm plug with a 2.79 ft. Y-type black cord.  Note: the right hand (Y connection) cord is longer that the left as is standard practice.PerformanceI have used other ear-buds in the past and none have delivered the sound quality and comfort the Sennheiser CX300 deliver.  I was pleasantly surprised by the bass, mid-range, and treble (high end) sound reproduction from these small headphones.I listen to a lot of contemporary jazz and classical music and so far the Sennheiser CX300 Ear-Bud Headphones have been able to faithfully render the various instruments with starling clarity.  In other words, these babies deliver the sound quality, range, and clarity one would normally associate with much pricier and over-the-ear headphones.The base response is deep, thick and enjoyable, while vocal reproduction is high, crisp and enjoyable without being too tinny.The only downside to the ear-buds that I can see is getting them in the small case they shipped with the cords, like all ear-buds, as unwieldy and difficult to fold and or wrap, but this is minor concern.  The good thing is, once in the small case the CX300 Ear-Bud Headphones are ready for travel.ConclusionI like my new Sennheiser CX300 Ear-Bud Headphones, so much so that I thinking about purchasing a set for my laptop--the ear-buds that shipped with are horrible!  I was looking for a decent pair of reasonably priced ear-buds, what I got was above-par reasonably-priced pair of ear-buds I am very pleased with.  You can't go wrong with the Sennheiser CX300 Ear-Bud Headphones.
This is a good example of high quality/price ratio.If you want descent ear-buds without investing to much in it this is your choice. I believe that everything else cheaper in this format is going to be just a wast of money.I enjoyed this ear-buds a lot. They are really small and light. Sound quality is a little bit below Koss PortaPro but portability of CX 300 II is much higher.I definitely would recommend this product.
I bought these for my wife after her Shure ear buds broke.  She loves the sound and the price and she is very picky.  That's all that matters right?  Enough said!Would recommend to anyone.
These ear buds sound great, but like all of them, difficult to keep in my ear at times.
my v moda buds which i think were great just started shorting out so i gave these buds a try they are better than the v modas imo the separation is suberb and they are much more clearer sounding while giving up a tiny amount of bass if any at all i'm sure these will only get better after break in the key to these in ear buds are the fit no matter how well they sound and for some reason they fit better than the v modas never working their way loose on me try em i think you will like them
These must be the best headphones for the price range. They work excellent for running as well and won't pop out of your ears.
This was my first pair of quality headphones. I love my CX300 IIs for sentimental reasons now, as my Alessandro MS1s blow these away - a big step up in SQ - but these Sennheisers are not as bad as everyone says they are. They are mid bass driven. Period. Worth the $129 they cost in Canada? NO. But for $30 - $40 on Amazon they are excellent value providing very good Sennheiser bass heavy sound.
As other reviewers mention, they sound pretty nice.  But the build quality, and especially the quality of the rubbery cord, leaves something to be desired.  First, the rubbery texture lends itself to tangled cords.  Worse, the cord tends to wear out, leaving the little wires exposed, at which point you can tape them, but soon enough, these headphones will be done for.  I'm not buying these again.
These are the best fitting ear buds I have ever had, not that that means too much since it has been stock one for me and an old pair of sennheisers, but still these things are really comfortable and fit great. They also have great sound and Bass comparable to my over the ears, with better sounds isolation. Overall a great deal
I bought the Sennheiser CX-300 II Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds.For me, I found the build to be excellent! The main plug & cord is of that thick, black, rubbery silicone material. Putting them in the little spring bag provided, they NEVER get tangled up. My old Sonys were forever tangling every time I used them. The cords to the ear pieces seem very sturdy. With three choices of rubber tips, I used the medium size and the fit was great & very comfortable.The sound is great & when I pumped up the bass, that was excellent as well.I bought these for twenty-five dollars after a five-dollar online rebate. At BB, they were sixty. What a deal!These are, without a doubt, the nicest & best quality earbuds I've ever owned and at an unbeatable price.
If one of your biggest concerns is in the comfort category, specifically as you sleep while listening to music, these earbuds feel good enough with a regular pillow; but they work even better if your head is cradled within the "scoop" between the neck support and upper half of a pillow you can probably also get at an ergonomics store (not just a chiropractor's office). My pillow is years old and has retained its shape. Why does this feel/work better? It's simply that as your head moves during sleep, you can easily, unconsciously smush your ear to the pillow in a direct enough way as to close down the route the music takes to your eardrum. Try pushing one earbud into your ear with your finger -- you can get the same effect. But that more open area of my pillow won't do that near as easily, thus all night long I can be relatively more assured I'm getting a complete balance of sound.Even if the nondisturbance of others isn't an issue, this method beats having a boombox on, because again, while on your side, one ear is naturally losing some of that balanced sound. With this very good earbud -- one not jamming your ear with pain -- you've got both sides covered.I had imagined the smaller tips would do me best but I was wrong. I have normal-sized ears and still they left too much of a gap. I was getting that high trebly sound but hardly any bass. Yet the larger ones still accommodate my comfort while on my side, as explained above. The neck pillow completes the experience. Good luck.
Noise cancellation is amazing. Though it is not electronic noise cancellation like Bose headphones, they cancel noise really well. You can't hear anything. Fits comfortably in ears too.
The head phones fit very comfortably, and the noise isolation is actually really good. I don't like the cord jack, it's at a right angle instead of straight. I was expecting much better bass though. There's more bass than skull candies, but the bass in these headphones isn't as deep as I had expected and at certain levels it sounds kind of scratchy. I had a pair of brookestone headphones that had much better bass. Like I said at certain tones the bass tends to sound distorted.  No problems with noise when the cord is touched though!
I purchased these from an authorised seller in Australia just over 4 months ago. About a month ago the rubber jack became loose and then the metal shaft broke completely away from the rubber boot. This has never EVER happen to me with any other set of head phones cheap or expensive. I only use them once a week on average, so they have not been abused. The rubber boot which covers the cable is made too weak. I am current trying to get them fixed/ replaced under warranty. I had no issues with the sound quality which was excellent.Regards Nik
Was looking to replace my Shure SCL3's that went half volume on the right channel for no apparent reason.  Had it just over 2 years so it was out of warranty.  I didn't want to spend a lot of dough and have it go bad again.  Particularly since these are my backup earbuds.  My primary buds is the amazing Shure SE530.  Yes it sounds amazing, yes it is expensive, yes it is big and bulky and yes they are built like $500 earbuds should.  I ended up getting an inexpensive set of CX300 II from ebay...at least I thought it was...the packaging looked real enough but I knew instantly it was fake when I played some music through it.  It sounded like I was listening through a helmet.  Muddy, unclear and no highs.  I went to an authorized sennheiser dealer and paid $80 Canadian for the real mccoy.  After carefully examining the visual differences between the two, I plugged it into my iPod touch.  I was stunned.  These little babies are delivering 95% of sound that I hear from my SE530, at less than 1/5 the cost and with less bulk and weight and better comfort.  The bass comes close to the SE530's but the treble doesn't sound quite as sweet and clear.  Maybe it will improve when I burn these in a bit.  It certainly blows the SCL3's away...its going in the garbage after I finish writing this.  At $80 I think the CX300 II it is worth every penny, and you can get a way better deal here.  We get hosed in Canada so we get use to the higher pricing.  Excluding price I'd give it a 4 maybe 4.5 but considering the price its 5 stars all the way.
Other users complain about cord noise. Yup, there is cord noise except think about this, the cord is attached to the plug that goes IN your ear. Any type of in-ear bud is going to give you cord noise, that's the nature of the design. The sound is ok, nothing great. I find that it is a bit muffled. They are however very comfortable and do block out almost all other sound. My biggest complaint is that the cord is way too short. I cannot put my phone in my pants pocket and have the ear buds in at the same time. If I turn my head, one side pops out. Personally, I wouldn't buy this product again.
These earphones sound great without giving me static electricity shocks like the Klipsch S4 did.  I have to admit the S4 does sound a little better (these sound slightly muffled in comparison), but unlike the S4 I can wear these for hours without any issues.  They fit snugly in my ears, do not fall out during sweat induced exercising, and do a good job of reducing external noise. I'd give them 4 stars on their own for sound quality, but 5 when compared to other earphones in this price range and below.  They are a safe choice.
I expected to be blown away by the sound quality of these headphones after all of the reviews I read on the net. They really don't sound any better than the Skullcandys they replaced. Moreover, the asymmetrical cord is a complete pain - one side is too long and the other too short. Probably seemed like a good idea to Sennheiser when they were designing them but it sucks in practice - the cord is always positioned awkwardly and snags on everything. Wish I could return them......
These were a 2010 Christmas gift that I just opened.  Typical sealed plastic container I had to destroy in order to access the contents.  Hopefully I'll still be able to return with package in 5 pieces.  Anyway, after auditioning these next to my standard iPod Touch earbuds I'm wondering if I ended up with the fakes people are talking about.  The packaging didn't give any indication of a problem, but the sound quality is awful.  When purchasing the iPod Touch I read many reviews that said how poor the earbuds were and how they should be replaced as soon as possible.  Well these standard iPod earbuds are 100 times better than these.  The Sennheisers have a very tinny sound and NO bass to speak of.  I thought maybe I was crazy until I asked my teenage daughter to give them a try.  She said she prefers her standard iPod earbuds also and that the Sennheisers have no bass.  Maybe mine are either defective or fakes, and I'm going to try and determine that.  But as it stands now I wouldn't take these if they came free in a cereal box.Only good point - they make the standard iPod Touch (3rd generation) earbuds sound like a million bucks in comparison!
The product is overall good and I find the price to be a good one, but after a few weeks (2-3), the earbuds begun to crackle a bit and keep doing it at times, which is quite uncomfortable in the ear. I think the brand is very good, I would just pick another model next time.
Nuttin much to say..they play fine and good for the money...I wonder how these sound compared to some $200 headphones. But i like em..
Genuine sennheiser earbuds arrived, not fakes like many have received from other retailers. I love them; they're comfortable, have great sound and o.k. isolation.
I've owned quite a few pairs of headphones, and I am definitely an audiophile after working at a big box electronics store in college.  These are the best earbuds that can be bought in this price range (~$35 at the moment), and even for double the price I don't think you can beat the quality.  The rich mid-bass tones are downright surprising for a pair of earbuds, and they provide a great alternative to my Klipsch computer speakers when I can't freely blast my music.My girlfriend has a pair of $300 Bose QC noise canceling over-the-ear headphones, and I would much rather use these given a choice between the two.
These Sennheiser CX300B MK II earbuds are the winner in my 3-way comparison detailed below, and they cost far less than one of the well-reviewed and popular competitors.To start I will give a little context to my amateur audiophile review.  I ordered the three sets of buds below after a fair amount of research of online reviews on multiple sites.  Each set received 80-100 hours of burn-in with a combination of pink noise and dynamic music selection prior to being auditioned.  Considering the price point of these 3 phones (all sub-$70), I reviewed them using a device to match what buds of this price would normally be used with.  In this case, I used my Samsung Galaxy S2 with PowerAMP Music Player App playing Lossless Flac Files of the following selection:  Miles Davis-Kind of Blue, Jurassic 5-Power in Numbers, Pearl Jam-Ten (remastered), Norah Jones-Come Away With Me, Johnny Cash-American IV, and the Minnesota Orchestra-Rachmaninoff Symphonic Dances on Reference Recordings.  It is also important to note that all musical gear reviews are subjective to a large degree and earbuds in particular due to fitting differently in each person's unique ear structure.Sennheiser CX 300B MK II:  Musical and natural and the most pleasurable to listen to across the majority of genres.  Bass extention was deep and firm.  Vocal articulation and midrange was clear, neutral and accurate without being analytical.  The high frequencies were where the Sennheiser's closed the deal.  Crystal-clear but silky smooth with no etchy, fatigue-inducing treble that plagues so many budget audio-gear.  The only weaknesses that I can say is that the pair I got had unequal wire lengths (the right line was twice as long as the left) which I can only assume to be a rare abberation as I have not read that elsewhere.  Also the buds did not fit my ears quite as comfortably as others I have tried.  At about $21 shipped, these are an AMAZING deal.  5 starsJVC Xtreme Xplosives In Ear:  Very good fit in my ear, and provided the best wind-noise isolation of the 3.  As you may expect, the Xplosives shine in the Bass dept.  The buds go slightly lower than the Sennheiser's (subjectively) and have a more forward bass presentation.  There were tracks, however, that led me to the opinion that this bass was a bit unnatural and inflated.  My goal in listening is to hear what the artist intended, and if something is added or missing, that is a flaw in the reproduction.  The vocals and overall midrange were very good and enjoyable to listen to with no fatigue.  The highs were presented a bit back and did not render the level of detail that the Sennheiser's were capable of and also had moments of sounding etched.  However, these are a solid choice for earphones and are a great deal at around $20 shipped.  4 starsKlipsch Image S4:  These are a very well reviewed and popular ear bud.  At $55-$80 shipped, they are also much costlier than the other 2 sets in this review.  I found bass to be better than any earbuds that come stock with devices (ipods, phones, etc.).  However, their bass pales in comparison to both the Sennheiser's and JVC's.  The relatively lackluster lower end bleeds into the lower midrange and vocals, which create a much less involving and satisfying musical experience.  The vocals and midrange overall was reasonable.  The treble was fairly smooth and detailed, and had no major flaws that would detract from the listening session.  Overall, an improvement from what you get with your typical device, but there are much better options for less than half the price.  3 stars.
Great quality headphones, sound great, are comfortable, fit very well.  A great buy at any price.  Would buy again and again.
These turned out to be a big disappointment. If you touch or brush against any part of these you hear the feedback and it is bad much worse then any pair I have used before. You were warned...
I got this ear-buds last week after long hours of searching for a good one with a good price!  I finally ended up getting it after reading numerous product reviews about this product.  This ear-buds was built with high quality, and the sound is top-notched.I would definitely recommend this product to everyone interested in getting this product!  I bought this one from Amazon for $23.50, now the price has increased to $49.90.Great buy for the great product!!!
Pros: Crystal clear highs and mids. Excellent for classical strings.Cons: Very little bass. Standard Sansa earphones had more bass.
I had the CX300I and they lasted a while and I loved them, so when those stopped working, I figured I would spend $60 on the CX300II model at Best Buy. They worked for about a year and then the left side stopped. I saw they had a 2 year warranty, but you need to have a receipt. Because I definitely have all my receipts from a year ago. Don't spend the money on these. Get a cheaper model that will probably work even better.
There are GREAT earphones for the money!  I was pleasantly suprised when I ordered these to wear while cycling or motorcycle riding and needed something discreet that'd fit under my helmet.  I found these for $25 - you should be able to too.  And at that price, they are an AWESOME deal!I have the Monster Turbine earbuds ($179), I received them as a gift and I honestly don't really care for them much - especially at that price point.  But I also have the Ultimate Ears Super.fi 5 EB, and though the Sennheiser's don't necessarily compare at that level, they area bargain at $25.The Sennheiser's themselves are a comfortable fit, very small (I can wear my motorcross and street helmets over them) and they stay in my ears at the gym or any other activity.  The longer cord for the one side is so you can drape the cord down your back, it's kinda annoying to me since I always tuck into my shirt anways, but some people my like.  I don't get much body feedback and what everone is asking, the bass is very, very good.  Way better than the Monster's and "almost" as good as the Ultimate Ears ($170).I wanted to write this article to recommend a good deal to my fellow Amazonians.  If you're considering these, I'd buy 'em.
These were great headphones. I used them primarily at the gym, but, after 2-3 months of use, the wire connection to the audio output broke. Now only one of the earbud works...
Over the years I have had many different types of headphones, Grado 125's, Sennheiser's and numerous other MP3/Ipod type earphones. I am currently using some Sennheiser rugged sports earphones, in the gym. These developed a fault so looked around for a replacement. The CX 300's kept coming up on hot deals websites, and had great comments made about them. I paid $24 from Amazon UK. They were delivered very quickly. All I can say, is that for the price and size, the sound blows you away. The bass is good and the treble is superb. It also comes with a long wire, unlike a pair of Sony earphones that came with my MP3 player. Take my word for it, buy these at the a good price and you will not be disappointed.Fantastic for the price.
They fit perfectly, right out of the package.  I'm listening to my old favorites from the 70s and I'm hearing details I've never heard!Digital performances sound warm and clear, as with old time high wattage tube amplifiers with Bose or Advent studio speakers. No kidding. The best phones I've ever had.  Period.
I found what I was looking for:- Portability- Noise reduction- Comfort- Plenty of bass- Nice mids and highs- Asymmetrical cableI have the PX-100, PX-200II and the HD-228 that I use(d) with my iPod.I was kind of affraid of using in ear as I thought it would be uncomfortable, but I decided to give it a try.I couldn't be happier. If you like bass, this one will deliver, but remember that the tip (seal) is very important, otherwise you won't feel any bass coming through these tiny earphones.Most of the people don't like the asymmetrical cable, but I love it, just because I can hang them in my neck when not in use.I'm not sure but I feel that it drains battery faster than those I've listed above, there must be something related to ohms as this one is 16.I keep imagining how would be the IE models...
Fortunately Sennheiser gives you the 3 sizes to fit ear canals that range in size equal to large viaducts to pinholes (I exaggerate.) But the key to in-ear earphones like these are to use correct fitting ear bud gels. So I changed the default medium buds the earphones already had on with the small ones to fit my, what-I-thought "dainty", ears. And I thought, these are awful. Well, I switched them with the large ones. Uncomfortable, wouldn't stay in my ears and another disgusted look. So, I put the medium ones back on. TADAH! It's the circle of earbud fitting - and hey! The little pamphlet it came with says that to get the maximum performance, the buds should be the appropriately fitting ones. And with that, you have really excellent sounding buds, nice bass frequencies and you know what? The reviews that speak of bad sound? You have to attribute that to what they might be listening to, how that stuff was mixed, etc. These are fine. The cord's a little thin, but I don't need 25 gauge wire hanging from my ears either. Check 'em out, put 'em in and dance.
Picked these up at an FYE a few weeks back.  Was looking for either Noise-Isolating, or Noise-Cancelling earphones as I travel (trains,planes,automobiles) enough that being able to listen to music, watch movies, etc... with high quality sound was important.  I also have the traditional 'ear buds', bose 'over the ear', and a pair of noise-isolating sure in-ear headphones.  I have to say that these Seinnheiser in-ear are my favorite, coupled with 'foam' replacement tips (is a must if you use them often), are outstanding.  Especially since I got them for 1/2 the price of the sure in-ear buds I have.They come with silicone tips, and replacements, which are fine, but for short $$ definitely pick up some foam replacements.  Comfort, quality, this combination is solid.Also come with a handy little pouch that is very sensible to put them in, take them out, little hassle.Only downside, wish the cable was a bit more lofty, similar to my Sure earbuds.Highly recommended.
Bass is good, treble is mediocre but I got used to it. I love the noise-cancelling effect, it works very well and fits very well in my ears. Used it occasionally for a couple months now and have no problems with it so far. They also look cool :)
This was my first pair of ear buds and I don't think they are for me.The sound is good and I think they are best used for travelling (they block out sound ok if you can get a good fit in the ear)as opposed to using for running or in the gym.They are a reasonable price on amazon.For the gym I would prefer sennheiser 'over the ear' sport headphones. I have a pair of koss over the ear ones that also work well too but I think the soft covers will eventually get destroyed due to sweat.
Overall the design of these is good but the sound is bad. There is a clarity to the bass that is better than cheaper earbuds but overall the lows overpower mid and high, so much so that you have to setup special EQ settings that normally would sound weird. Very disappointing buy.
I ordered these from Amazon over thanksgiving weekend for approximately 25 dollars.  They fit very comfortably and look and feel solid.  The sound is good, but not what I would expect from a Sennheiser.  My previous low-end headphones an older pair of JVC Marshmallows outperformed it in a few respects.  In the low bass frequencies sound a bit dull and hollow.  In the mid frequencies the CX 300's shine and deliver a very smooth sound.  The highs sound crisp for the most part.  Overall the CX 300 delivers good performance although its low frequencies sound soft and unnatural.
What kind of user I am:I listen to my iPod at work/school/travel. Therefore, my earphone is daily beaten both indoor and outdoor. Basically, I listen to every kind of music from high def. vocal songs to strong base driven songs and from classic songs to pop songs. I would even use my earphone to listen to lossless music at home sometimes. When I pick an earphone, it has to offer me a strong beat of base while providing me a high level of clarity. I am not an audiophile who would spend $$ and do all the professional things even for a portable music player. Nothing is better than listen to the original instruments and voices at live. However, I am pretty picky on the quality of audio products since my dad and my uncles are audiophiles.Little history of what I have owned:I have own the Bose in-ear 2 headphone for almost 6 years. Currently it is my 2nd pair already and it never disappoint me, I really love it. However, the wire that connecting the 3.5mm head has wore out and it is starting to break apart. So, I need to search for a replacement and I want to try something new. Other earphones that impress me the most are Shure E3c and Westone UM2. The reason why I didn't pick them is mainly because of the price tag.(I am a student.)Why I picked this:I have read the review from Amazon and some other audiophile's forums. People claim that this earphone is an 20 bugs earphone which offering 100 to 200 bugs earphone's quality. There is not much negative feedback from users as well. Therefore, I think it is worth for me to give a try!First impression on sound:When I received it from Amazon, I plugged it into my iPod right away. First off, it has a very high treble which is very annoying to me but I guess maybe this is normal. All in all, my Boss has processed all the EQ setting with a chip on the earphone for me already and I may fooled by that. I have to set my EQ to reduce the treble. After the setting is done, I tested it out with different types of songs.Performance of this earphone:On base:It is very impressive and I can say it is not worst than my Bose. The earphone is offering a pretty strong, punchy base which satisfy me when I listen to pop and rap like Dr. Dre and Black Eyed Peas.On vocal:I tested with the song Habanera and Time To Say Good Bye, it is not crystal clear but I believe an adjustment on high pass in EQ would solve the problem. Yet, I can say it is excellent considering for the price tag.On acoustic:I tested it with a lossless version of Hotel California live version, it is impressive and very clear. I can clearly hear and distinct different layers of the song.On general:It is very precise and it does emphasis the base while it won't kill the clarity of other elements of your song. Also, the noise isolating works out pretty good. I don't even realize my roommate had walked into my room when I was testing the earphone.In conclusion:It is really an excellent earphone. A 20 bugs earphone which offering the quality and performance very close to a 100-200 bugs earphone. One thing that I don't really like is that I have to deal with EQ setting in order to push the earphone close to my personal preference. I was thinking to give a 4 stars but really when I see the price again, it deserves a 5 star IMO. If you want an economic upgrade on your earphone and you do a bt care of the sound quality it offers, this is the best choice. If you consider yourself an audiophile, perhaps I don't think you would even glance on this product!I don't now how durable is this earphone but again it just 20 bugs from Amazon. I don't mind to get another pair if it broken after couple years.Disclaimer:I'm sorry that you may have a hard time to read my review since English is not my first language.The review is based on my personal preference on listening music and my two cents knowledge. I am not a profession on wave science. I don't mind you teach me or correct me if I made a mistake but if you do want to criticize my review, screw it.Hope my review would become helpful.
My old CX300's were going strong (after 3 years) until my son chewed on the headphone cables. I weighed these $35 headphones against far more expensive dual driver ear buds. I'm very happy with this purchase. The old model was great but these MKII's are a notch or two better. The sound is fuller and the bass is warmer without being overly pronounced. If I want $200 hifi cans, I would do better with AKG's or Beyerdynamic's.
I am new to the whole Iphone experience and knew i needed to upgrade the unbelievably HORRIBLE headphones Apple puts out with their phone.. (how can the phone be sooo cool, and the headphones so ridiculous?)..  anyway, i read the reviews and decided to try the Senns...  in the meantime while waiting I picked up some Altec Lansing 15 dollar buds at best buy to get me through a long road trip..  Big improvement in comfort and sound for me, and I am still very happy for the price paid..  now come the Senns..they show up and the build is very nice, seem to be made for the long haul.  I was expecting them to be similar to the altecs but they are definitely a step up...  the mids and highs are more evident and the sound is more "spatial" if that makes sense, its a very rich sound...  I paid 10 bucks more for these than the Altecs and am very happy with both.. but the Senns are the winner here and well worth the small difference...  If you on the fence, get these, you wont be disappointed..
Bought this item at late October, and the price drops 40% within no more than 1 month! Bad luck...Amazon should pay back in such kind of case!!
I have owned a few pairs of the CX300's so when I needed a new set and saw there was a newer model I picked these up. The sound from these ear buds continue to be of amazing quality. I also have a pair of Beats Tour (also in-ear style)that were given to me by a friend and I can honestly say that while the Beats sounds a hair clearer the Sennheiser's are my clear favorite and tremendously cheaper.Pros:Fit well in my ear (and provide multiple sizes for everyone)While not actually noise cancelling these buds do an amazing noise blocking job, with the right ear nubs anything past mid range volume on my mp3 player and I do not hear a thing other than the musicHits the lows at the beginning and end of the song, surprising me with lyrics I had never heard before on some songsNot ridiculously pricedCons:These tend to break on me, the CX300II's are my third pair in 1 1/2 years. But I do use them a lot in the gym so I am rougher with them, but they do come with a 2 year warranty.Neutral:As an FYI the cord is asymmetrical, meaning at the split one side is longer than the other so it will snake behind your head, which I personally love, others may notConclusion:Continued Excellence for a great product and good company.
The buds quit working after about 10 months.  My son, whom I had purchased them for Christmas, contacted Sennheiser for a warranty return only to be advised that A 1 is NOT an authorized Sennheiser reseller, thus Sennheiser will not honor the warranty.  I checked on the Sennheiser site and voila, sure enough A 1 is NOT an authorized reseller.  I have done business with Amazon for years and this is the first instance where I have found that their primary source for a product is NOT an authorized reseller.  Buyer beware.
I bought this for only 20 bucks, from the other reviews i became convinced about getting this. Amazing audio quality, the bass is just great, it's a little uncomfortable using them for the first time but i got used to it, these earphones cancel the noise very well, i'm just surprised. These are also my first in-ear earphones and i feel very satisfied. I totally recommend this if you don't want to spend more than 30 dollars and have an amazing product. It also comes with a carrying case which is very useful for protecting the earphones and another 2 ear adapter sets for a total of 3, a small one, a medium one, and a large one.
The earphone is pretty good for its price. But the case is totally a joke.  It is just two piece of leather which can do nothing to protect the earphone from pressure or twist.  If you are going to buy this one, consider it as without carry case.
I will start with saying that I love headphone/earbuds, and I am on a life-long quest to find great sound.  Actualy, sometimes I feel it is more like an addiction (like buying a new set of cans at 2:30 in the morning because I cant sleep).  It is not realistic to say that these little buds are the Be all End all of pristine and perfect sound quality that people spend beacoup bucks trying to find.  Not everyone is crazy like me and willing to spend $400-$800 on a set of buds or cans that will bring ever so slightly supperior sound quality.  So unless you are me and have a need to stick anything that claims to be high quality in or on your ears, and you are just looking for a fantastic sound at an unbelieveable price - GET THESE!!! (But a strong word of caution - buy only from authorized retailers.  I suggest chooseing ships and sold from Amazon as they are an authorized retailer and honor the 2 YEAR warranty!)A little backround on my references of comparison:  As far as earbuds are concerned, I own the Monster Turbines Pro (gold), Ultimate Ears Triple Fi 10s, Monster Jamz, Maximo iMetal w/ mic, Etymotic Research MC5, and of course the Klipsch Image S4.  I'm not going to bother with much comparison of the Turbine Golds or the Ultimate Ears, suffice it to say they are slightly better sound, better Isolation, better asthetics, better accessories and hundreds of dollars more.  Lets also toss out (litteraly) the Maximos, they are terrible but have a good mic.  I gave them to my wife who could care less about sound quality but loves the cloth wrap on the cable.  This leaves us with the Monster Jamz, the Etymotic MC5, and the darlings of cnet and therfore the internet - the mighty Klipsch S4.  In this case we are really just nit picking here because all of thease buds are great for the price (or the street price).  I found that if isolation is what you are looking for the Monster Jams and thier solid metal construction provide the best, but the lows are flat and the buds themselves are heavy.  I have also heard that they are prone to cord breakage and other issues, but they do have a 3 year warranty.  I wouldnt know as I use them sparingly.  The Etys are a great set of buds and offer great sound quality for the buck, but have a very odd look to them and also leave the low end of the spectrum a little flat and in the background.  As for the Kipsch S4, this is a very good set as well, but I am a little amazed at how highly regarded the are.  They are good, dont get me wrong, but are they the best earbud under $100?  No, no they are not.  They do try very hard to be dynamic and emphisize bass and trebble but this also comes at the cost of the midrange falling into the background a bit.  This emphisizes the frills of a song, but leaves the meat of it a little left behind.  They also take forever to burn in, for me it took over 70 hours to get the best sound.  My biggest issue with the S4 is that because the dynamic driver pushes an emphasis on the highs they can sound tinney, metalic, or unnatural at times - Try Amy Winehouse's Back to Black at a reasonably loud level and you will hear what I am talking about.  And I do not mean to pick on the S4, but if all your are going by is the Cnet or Amazon reviews then they will push you toward this set and you may be missing out on hidden gems for less money.  The Sennheiser CX300 MX II are incredable for the price here.  They have do have a dymanic frequncy responce curve that favors the higs and the lows, but less exagerated and the dip in the mids is not nearly as pronounced as the S4. The Senns still have supprisingly punchy bass and clear highs and all the while are virtually distortion free.  It certainly is a matter of oppinion, but the majority of listeners will bennifit from the Senns flatter frequency curve while still enjoying a good-excelent bass responce.All this being said, the Senns are about half the price as their lowest competitor.  I highly recomend starting with this set of buds due to their price tag, and if their sound leaves you wanting more you can always go up fromt there (Beware this can get addictive).  But, I believe that over 99% of casual music listeners will LOVE these.  And even for someone like myself, thease have become my most frequently used buds because the sound is fantastic, and if something were to happen to them I know I can pick them up again without breaking the bank.Here is my rankings:1) Senheiser CX300 MX II ($25-40)2) Etymotic Research MC5 ($55-85)3) Klipsch Image S4  ($79)4) Monster Jams  ($40-120)*Note:  This is ranking sound quality and overall value, if you are looking for superior isolation look at the Monster Jams, or the Etymotic.
Pros:  -INCREDIBLE BASS.  It literally sounds like you in a room with a sub.  -The highs are crisp and responsive as well.  -The 90 degree plug is awesome  -Earbuds fit comfortably, but firmly in ear.  Makes them great for running  -They're $26, i mean reallyCons:  -Mids sound a little muddy and washed out.  Messing with the EQ with alleviate some of that  -The asymmetrical cable can get in the way if you're like me, and prefer to put your MP3 player in your right pocket  -The asymmetrical cable also makes it awkward to wind them up.Conclusion:  For $26, I dare you to find a better pair of earbuds.  You definitely won't get as good sound as an over-ear design, but Sennheiser makes one of the best efforts that I've seen to bring top-quality sound to earbuds.  The muddy mids are a little disappointing, but won't subtract from the enjoyment of your music.  I really wish Sennheiser made these with a more traditional Y-cable design, but the cable is long enough that it isn't too big of a problem.  But with all that said, you will not find a better pair of earbuds for less than $30
I've used Sennheiser earphones for many years now, mainly because of the great quality of their products. That's also why I turned to these CX 300 MK-II, when my Apple in-ear phones decided to call it a life after some 5 months of use. These are half the price of the Apple ones, and the sound quality is better by no small margin. They are very comfortable to wear, even after hours of use. They come with a selection of small, medium, and large interchangeable fittings, allowing one to find the ones best fitting your ear size. They also come with a small satchel in which you can carry them. This little bag, however, is nothing to shout about. I never use it, finding it nigh on useless.Highly recommendable. Very good sound for a small asking price.
Just received my CX300mkII's. The sound on these is unbelievable. Sounds like you are in a room with a huge subwoofer. Very good low bass response, and equally good sounding highs. Highly recommend these earbuds.
This is my first pair of in-ear headphones. I also own the Sennheiser PX100 and Sennheiser HD280 headphones. I have to say, for $70, the Sennheiser CX 300-II in-ears have rather great audio quality. Bass thumps and the highs are clear. The mids could be a bit better but boosting the proper frequencies with your audio player's equalizer can improve the sound. Using the small sized adapters, I get a good seal, and after a little while I don't even really notice them in my ears. I can't comment much on durability, since I've only owned them for two weeks now, but they seem sturdy enough so far. Overall, I can't imagine finding better quality canal headphones for this price. Definitely a good buy, whether you're on a budget or not.
I bought a pair of Sennheiser CX 300 headphones approximately six months ago.  The sound was wonderful, crystal clear, well-defined highs and lows.  Three months later, the left headphone started cutting in and out, a few weeks after that, the right one followed.  The store I bought them from replaced them under warranty, and the exact same thing happened to the new pair in about the same amount of time.  For reference, the headphones these replaced a set of Shure SCL2s that lasted four years, through much rougher treatment, and much harsher conditions before the covering on one of the cables started to fray.
I love these ear buds. The package comes with three pairs of ear tips in different sizes so it was easy to find a pair that fits my ears well. The noise-blocking feature is pretty great except when I couldn't hear my boss calling me at work a few times, because I was listening to music with these ear buds at work. Oops! The sound quality is amazing, and I just love the bass and the beats! Great value for the money. I would recommend it to anyone. Will probably buy another pair in white so they'll match my new iPhone 4 in white.
These are excellent headphones.  Sound very good and clear.  They are a steal at this price. I think they are better made than most, but all headphones of this type must be carefully protected.  I use an Altoids tin for mine.
Have bought this (or similar) Sennheiser products for several years and love them. I use them principally for listening to audiobooks and occasionally music on my iPod and plugged into my computer for listening to musical performances on youtube. Sound is fine for these purposes. I like the fact that they are robust as I transport them from computer to my car to iPod for bedtime listening. They are versatile and I'll continue to buy them as I occasionally lose them.  Sad to say, the senior Mr Sennheiser died recently. I also have two of his more serious over the ear headphones.
Simply the best sound I have heard for the money. It is a great value!
I trusted that Sennheiser's products were of high quality based on the high amount of praise and respect the brand receives, so I had very high expectations for the CX-300 II. Unfortunately, the pair that I received broke after only a month of use for seemingly no reason, and now only the left earbud works. If this hadn't happened, I probably would have given these a 4 or 5 star rating, as they fit comfortably in my ears and sounded very good for the price. While I am far from being any sort of audiophile, I will still say that these earbuds had clear sound (most noticeably the base) and the noise-cancelling was fairly good. I also liked the asymmetrical lengths of the wires.To say the least, I am highly disappointed to see how poor quality this product turned out to be. It is possible that I was unlucky and just received a defective pair, but I'm not going to take any more chances by pissing my money away on Sennheiser products again.
These earphones are excellent--as long as you don't move your neck or head.  Otherwise, you get a deep thump from the moving cords, almost like a stethoscope.  I've also had iPod, Shure and Bose earphones, none of which had this problem.  I found it highly annoying and sent them back after a couple of days.
I went for the Sennheiser cx300ii ear buds because of the outstanding reviews that i have read about it.  I also trust Sennheiser to be one of the better audio companies out there, so I started out with high expectations. I am not an expert on headphones, but i have listened to a few high end pairs so i know what i am talking about.  The Sennheiser cx300ii did exactly what they claim to do.  They had very good noise cancellation.  I literally could not hear any outside noise when the volume was turned on.  You don't even have to put the volume up too high for the noise cancellation to take place.  Even when the noise was off...they still blocked out a lot of the outside noise.  The sound quality of these headphones are good, but i would not say that they are the best for this price range.  The headphones deliver good base, but i still heard a little distortion when the music was turned up really high.  The headphones also have a very sleek sennheiser look, that i was impressed with, and they also seem quite durable.  I have had no problems with them so far with durability.  I do not like how you have one side of the cord longer than the other, so you can put it behind your head, but this is just a personal choice. Overall these are a great pair of ear buds for the price, but i have heard better sound quality in the 50-80 dollar range.
I had a pair of these for about a year and because of my misuse(yanked on it while it was still attached to my laptop) the wiring broke near the connection. Of course it was still under warrantly and they just sent me a completely new pair for free.Maybe it's just my ears but I have yet to use a pair of headphones that are more comfortable than these. The way the right ear piece is longer than the left makes these headphones great for working out and the way the ear buds are designed they will not fall out unless yanked on.The sound on these are amazing of course, It is Sennheiser after all.During the time I had sent the Sennheisers for repair I decided I wanted to try another pair of headphones. Did some research and looked up some reviews and came across Klipsch IMAGE S4 In-Ear Enhanced Bass Noise-Isolating Headphones. I ordered a pair from amazon and the first day of use I already hated them. No matter what ear piece I used it just wouldn't fit right. They kept slipping out during physical activity. The sound was rather muffled compared to the Sennheisers and this is definitely just me but the feel of the wiring just wasn't satisfactory.Anyways my new CX300 II are back and that is what I'm using atm. I'm going to sell the s4 headphones to one of my buddies for half the price. OH don't forget the CX300 II are cheaper than the S4s as well! By like $20-30!I LOVE THESE HEADPHONES I HOPE YOU DO AS WELL!
There are GREAT earphones for the money!  I was pleasantly suprised when I ordered these to wear while cycling or motorcycle riding and needed something discreet that'd fit under my helmet.  I found these for $25 - you should be able to too.  And at that price, they are an AWESOME deal!I have the Monster Turbine earbuds ($179), I received them as a gift and I honestly don't really care for them much - especially at that price point.  But I also have the Ultimate Ears Super.fi 5 EB, and though the Sennheiser's don't necessarily compare at that level, they area bargain at $25.The Sennheiser's themselves are a comfortable fit, very small (I can wear my motorcross and street helmets over them) and they stay in my ears at the gym or any other activity.  The longer cord for the one side is so you can drape the cord down your back, it's kinda annoying to me since I always tuck into my shirt anways, but some people my like.  I don't get much body feedback and what everone is asking, the bass is very, very good.  Way better than the Monster's and "almost" as good as the Ultimate Ears ($170).I wanted to write this article to recommend a good deal to my fellow Amazonians.  If you're considering these, I'd buy 'em.
These were great headphones. I used them primarily at the gym, but, after 2-3 months of use, the wire connection to the audio output broke. Now only one of the earbud works...
I lost my Sennheiser CX-300's, so I got this updated model as a replacement.I was happy to hear that the sound production of these is just as good as the CX-300's were, but these have a higher quality fit and finish. They still have the assymetric cable (which wraps around the back of the neck instead of dangling in front of you), and I know this is just my own preference. But I like to drape the headphones around my neck when I'm not listening. It's a useful feature.Improvements of the CX-300II over the CX-300 are a longer cord, and a more durable L-shaped connector plug, and a much sturdier connection between the two cords that lead to the ear buds.One nice thing to note about the quality of these, is that the opening canal of the earbud is covered with a metal mesh grate, which is a better idea than what Sony does... they cover the earbud opening with a piece of felt paper with a hold punched in it. This paper deteriorates over time, but the metal on the CX-300II's does not.In my opinion, Sennheiser did the right thing by not messing with the sound of the CX-300s. They are almost legendary. All they improved was the finish and durability, and these were good improvements.As far as comfort goes, this is very important to me, as I listen to audiobooks and podcasts, and can have my earbuds in for hours at a time while I'm working. The Sennheisers are one of the few models that never hurt my ears after prolonged listening. I don't even feel them in there. I use the largest size silicone flange (it comes with three sizes), and they fit snug and stay in. Very comfortable.I might get another set of these in case they are discontinued at some point.
These headphones far exceeded my expectations for sound quality. I couldn't believe that the mini-bud style even has the capability to produce bass this low and precise. However, the product quality is terrible. Before I bought these I read multiple reviews claiming that the jack was too easy to break and that the headphones get loose connections without effort. I discarded them thinking that the majority of people don't take proper care not to stress the wires and instead simply yank the jack out all the time. Well, I wish I would've listened. There appears to be no stress relief on the jack at all, so the slightest pressure breaks a solder joint. After being meticulous and careful about plugging them in/out and storing them properly, they lasted for a pathetic four weeks. I feel like they could've saved everyone the trouble by either not bothering to put their amazing company's logo on the product, just using a jack that heat-shrunk to the cable or simply filling the jack with some kind of hardening polymer (like a glue gun). Putting the stress on the jack/outlet instead of the tiny gauge wires is very simple engineering! I know there's a 1 year warranty on these, and I plan on dealing with the cost of shipping to get a brand new jack end on them, but I also plan on making them a worthwhile product when I have them returned to me by voiding the warranty and adding my own stress relief.
I am a classical musician with very discerning ears. I have also recorded CDs, and have worked closely with producers, editors and mastering engineers during the recording process, listening through a variety of different headphones. Because of this, I had previously invested in pricey, Shure E4Cs years ago, which worked well until one earbud began to fail.I expected the quality of the sound of the Sennheisers to be far inferior to the shures, but this is certainly not the case. Furthermore, there is definitely more than just a few dollars to be saved.The noise isolating on the Sennheiser CX 300 are not as good as the Shures, which do have a tighter fit (they sit a little further up the ear canals), but if you like a looser (and thus less noise-isolated) set of in ear phones, these may well be the right ones for you. Because of the slightly inferior noise isolation, I often hear extraneous noise on trains/planes/cars, and thus need to turn the volume higher than I would with the Shures. Therefore, this means more sound going into the ears. I personally don't prefer this, although the slightly elevated volume hasn't caused any ringing of discomfort.All in all, due to the price and quality, I highly recommend this product, for travel, leisure, or even an extra pair of headphones to keep in your backpack or car.
The seller Closeouts Master sold me fake sennheiser cx300 II earphones. I was cautious about ordering these earphones because of the large number of fakes circulating, but I believed that a "fulfilled by Amazon" purchase can be trusted. I was wrong. The moment I received the package I knew that it was a cheap counterfeit. I have owned a genuine pair of cx300s for over an year and I know their packaging, build and sound quality too well. The packaging I received from closeouts master was awful/shabby to say the least with numerous little paper bits/dust and multiple huge scratches on the "inside" of the plastic casing. I wanted to return the product right away...but I first wanted to try the earphones anyway...after all I had waited for these for 2 weeks since placing my order. The quality of these fake earphones was pathetic across all dimensions...the flimsy earbuds, the fake sound driver casing, the uneven mesh/grill, the artificially enhanced bass output, you name it!...I just returned this product...I guess I will have to buy from an Authorized Sennheiser Dealer next even if it means that I will have to pay the full retail price and not the Amazon discounted price...well worth it imo considering that it'll be a genuine sennheiser product that I will be buying.
I originally bought the CX300-B last year when Amazon.com was still selling them, and they stopped working recently. I found the warranty information online and sent in my earbuds for repair and they sent back a brand new CX300-II Precision pair! It has great sound and is even better than what I bought originally! Make sure to only buy from authorized dealers such as Amazon, b/c there are a lot of fakes out there. Definitely worth the price, and the 2-yr warranty just makes the deal even better!
Great sound quality. Other sound completely blocked out. Fit comfortably.  However the design is weird in that the left and right earbuds split from an awkward spot near the left earbud and have a long and pointless wire over to the right.  This is weird looking and can't be adjusted. I don't understand the design.
I'm no audiophile, but I did need to replace my last set of earbuds after I rather brilliantly sent them through the washing machine in my gym shorts pocket...I bought the Sennheiser CX 300s based solely on reviews here at Amazon.  I'm please to report that my fellow reviewers were spot on .  I feel like I'm hearing more of the music than  I did with my old buds and definitely was surprised at how much base these tiny things put out.  Recommended!
Do not buy this product for less than ca. 55 $ at a certified retailer! I can approve of everything that has been said about this cheap copy: the sound does not compare to the original and the build quality is inferior.The original Sennheiser CX-300 II deserves 5 stars and is definitely worth the money.
i've had these for two days now and love em. but first off let me just say, do some research and find out about the impostors, chances are if u are paying less than 59.95 you're gettin the fake ones, sounds crazy but i think its true. anyways i went to best buy to get em cause their an authorized dealer, and when i was their i saw the klipsch s4's so i got em both and am in the process of comparing them to pick one, and i am having a hard time picking one and saying one sounds better than the other. i have had the j bud j3's for a while and love those by the way, their just as good in my opinion maybe just not as balanced (a little harsher at high volumes). but just want u all to be aware of the knock offs. the real ones have a rubber cord by the way not vinyl or palstic. i heard someone say pony up the money and get the real ones from an authorized dealerupdate!! -you want a review, you can't handle a review.i'll try to make this short and sweet.i went to best buy to buy the sennheiser cx300II's and when i got their i saw the klipsch s4's and skullcandy titan's, which i read lots of great reviews on all of em. anyways i went to get the cx300's from best buy cause they sell the real ones, their an authorized dealer, before you get anything from sennheiser call them and ask if the place you're thinking about buying them from is an authorized dealer. their's lots of fakes unfortunately. when i was at best buy i saw the s4 and titan's and wanted to hear them all so i bought them all.well to get this out of the way the titans sound good (crazy bass, ridiculous) but the s4's and cx 300II's are simply better, one thing the titans get kudos on is the cord, its like a thin strong shoe lace feel.anyways i burned em both in for a couple weeks before really comparing, i really couldnt tell any difference, i wanted to like the cx300II's better cause their 20 bucks cheaper and more comfortable (way more) and flush with your ears, they dont stick out at all and i really like the around the neck cord, it frickin works, ok, its genius actually, they'll never fall out no matter what you do, it stays outta the way better and doesnt get pulled on, way less cord noise too, like none. the cord is a lot nicer too, a little thicker and rubber not vinyl. but those s4's just look so nice man, the design is pretty sweet. i think after that reason, the reviews (cnet too,whatever, that chick should do the comparison i did) the fact that their more $$, my mind was fooling me into thinking they are better.so i got sick of trying to compare by pausing the music unplugging one plugging in the others and then puttin em in my ears, it just takes too long and by the time i hear the next set i cant tell a difference. so i broke out the splitter (male into 2 females) plugged in both sets turned the volume up a little cause you lose a little power with both plugged in. then the trick is to switch phones as fast as possible with the music still playing, like hold the set you're gonna switch with your thumb and pointer and pull out the others with pinky and ring fingers then pop the others in real fast but still making sure you get a good seal(sounds crazy but wow its the only way to really hear a difference) i was switchin in like 2-3 seconds. when you have a instant change then you can hear differences.anyways to wrap this up the difference was quite remarkable. the bass on both seems to be pretty equal, but the mids and highs on the cx 300II's are clearly clearer louder and crisper and richer, whatever you wanna call it, its just clearly, better. do this comparison for yourself if your trying to pick and having a tough time (just make sure you buy the real sennheisers, i dont know what the fake ones sound like and i dont care). so the winner of this battle is obviously the cx300II's.ps both of these are better than the jlab j3's too, i have em and still like em, but both these are all around better.sorry one more thing i'd like to say. i now have the sennheiser IE7's, which, if crap was holy, holy crap these are amazing. leaps and bounds over s4's and cx300's, which  of course they should seeing as how they are so much more money. butfor me i was ok with spending the extra money cause i listen to music all day at work and wear em everytime i ride my motorcycle, which is all the time. by the way the cx300's are way better (than the s4's)for riding less wind noise and the ie7's are the best, best noise isolation and least wind sound, im talkin bout wearin a half helmet of course (which helmet straps have a big part to play on wind sound too). cx300 is best for full face as the helmet goes on easiest, then ie7 then s4, although its not too difficult to get a full face over the 7's or s4's just requires a little more work. i did try the ie6's too but the 7's sound better and are way better for riding. bikers will appreciate this. by the way if you have ears on the bigger side which most males do, the s4's might tick you off a little with their small tips and stupid oval design, c'mon, oval design.the ie7's retail for like 389 but i found them for 170 new from an authorized dealer. they are built like a frickin army tank, very comfortable, lots of tips, double flanged baby, sweet box (no big deal), an amazing case, amazing! and the sound is just phenomonal, blows cx and s4 outta the way, all around, and i do believe they require a lot of burn in time( like 100+ hours) before they reach their full potential, i didnt believe this but now that i've reached this point they sound beter than ever. if your like me and listen to music a lot every day you might be interested in this. oh yeah they look sick too.one more thing, you can get the ie6's for like 20 bucks more than the s4's on here, which are way better! big review i know, had a lot of stuff, hope you could handle it.
This is my second Sennheiser headphone purchase and again not disappointed. The Sennheiser CX 300 II Precise Bass headphones sound amazing, excellent job on the bass. These sound like they cost twice as much.
I expected them to be smaller, they are still big.  sound is just OK
good
BEST EARPHONES EVER!!!
I had a litter higher expectation of these. They pretty much sound like $20.00 headphones.
These have a good sound for the price. They produce a great amount of volume and are pretty comfortable in the year. It is definitely a good buy for the price.
Great earbuds! I fall asleep watching movies on my tablet,  and these are very sturdy.
Really amazing headphones considering the price! I just wish that they weren't so long; they often get stuck on things and yanked out of my ears while I'm walking. A detachable cable would be a nice addition too, but considering that these suckers are only about $30.00, this is the best bang for your buck. They sound great.
Enjoying ear buds every day!
I bought these for the sound quality, which is fantastic for the $$. That aspect I wouldn't trade, but some of the other "features" totally irk my caboose. The length of the speaker spindle is so short that I have to take the cord over the top of my ear to be able to insert it into my ear properly. This isn't a ultra-significant issue. The compounding factor however is the disparity in the length of the earpiece cords beyond the junction where the cord splits into two. One is very short and the other is much longer. I am not really tacking on the reason for this. They say it is to help alleviate cord tangle but the truth is (for me) this feature is totally obnoxious. Because I have to wrap the cord over my ear, I have to bring the earphone cords around the back of my head. I have had to customize the cords by winding the long ear-cord to the main wire with a tie. I'm getting used to it but it is not cool to have to spend all of this effort to "fix" something that Sennheiser's engineers shouldn't have done in the first place. If these cord sections were of equivalent lengths I would personally be more pleased. Again, for the cost, the sound quality rocks though.
Very disappointed with my experience here. Received my ear buds with a defect. Right cord is more than twice as long as the left. Sent these back to receieve another with the same exact issue.
Value for money, better audio quality than azure $70 version.
Sennheiser equipment seems to usually beat out the completion.
wonderful earbuds, the sound quality is amazing, and the price is good. nuff said.
I've gone through a lot of sub-$50 earphones over the years: ultimate ears, sony, skullcandy, and sennheisers have been my favorite in terms of build and sound quality.  I've also tried several models in the CX line - 200, 300, and 400, and the 300's have been the best bang for the buck in my opinion.  My wife did have a pair fall apart on her after a couple years, but she traveled with them and kept them in her purse without a case.  My office pair are going on about 4 years, and work great.  If you're going to put earphones through the ringer than I'd suggest looking elsewhere or be diligent about storing them securely, but if they're staying on a desk, then I'd highly recommend these.
These headphones have superb sound quality. You can feel the powerful base, but it doesn't overpower the treble. Listening to songs using these, it's almost like hearing a different song because there is so much more depth and character to the sound. With these headphones, I can actually recognize the difference between high and low quality music. The build on these is what you need, a long cable, and the wire from the splitter to the left earphone is shorter than the one to the right. Especially for the price, these are a great buy.
It worth 20 bucks, love it!
Much better than my old Iphone earbuds. The quality is very good for the price.
The clarity on the ear buds are great for the price. I was really enjoying them until I compared them to the ear buds I got with my phone. They low frequencys and base is just practically non existant.Also, one ear bud cord is longer than the other and is uncomforting.
I have been using a brand of headphones that few have heard of called SoundMagic. The E10 to be exact. The reviews were good, and lived up to the expectations. But I needed another pair of headphones because I would forget them at home sometimes, wanted some for work. Sennheiser has a reputation so I decided to try these. What a let down. No contest at all. The SoudMagic E10 are superior in every way. The Sennheiser are so staid and lifeless, with less isolation of individual sounds, and generally 'smaller' sounding. I kept switching between the two while testing and couldn't wait to get back to the SoundMagics as soon as possible. These Sennheisers are adequate as a backup, but that's about it. Seriously disappointed.
I just love them
great sound for the price
The quality is great.
Perfect! Beautiful sound and good fit!
Hands down the best in ears for the money, I'm taking one star off because the wire is thin and easy to tangle and break.... I broke a pair once just by putting it in the case wrong. As long as you're careful though, it's great. For those looking for boomy bass these are not for you, but those looking for pure clean headphones with high clarity mids and highs for a low price these are headphones you simply must try.
Sony's Are Great ! But These Tiny Little Cutie's Are Awesome More Base ! How ?? At Two Third's Less Too ! Possibly 1000 Times Smaller Then Those 50mm Head Phones ! And So Carry Easy ! Sound Perfection ? Best Yet ! Thanks Amazon ! An Awesome Surprise ! Not Expected !
Best sounding ear buds I have ever heard. Has really nice bass and is extremely clear.
Impressive headphones that after 8 months of hard use during workouts, work, and everyday listening: have given me awesome sound, good fit with the multiple size things, haven't fallen out of my ears, block out pretty much all outside ambient noise, great bass, great highs no distortion, have the gold plated jack, and have survived numerous washes (as long as I let them dry for for a few hours before trying them). However, there are two things I don't care for, which is the jack being at a 90 degree angle, meaning it plugs in then the wire comes out perpendicular. I don't notice it much but it can be annoying when I put my phone in me pocket and it snags and pulls the jack out, no biggie. Another thing is the odd length of the left and right bud wires. The left is shorter (I guess to prevent them from tangling?  whatever). Still damn good headphones (earbuds if you gaf). Buy them you won't be disappointed.
Awesome sounding ear buds for the price.
I am no expert. Never had the ears to be an audiophile. So take my words accordingly.The CX 300 II deliver beautiful, clear sound. I've used them for months, watching television, movies, playing games, listening to 320bitrate music. They are the best earbuds I've owned. That may not be saying much, as I've always bought fairly cheep. And while these are certainly less than expensive, they do stand out from the pack. Particularly in performance. Their sound is a wonderful, layered tapestry.Hmm... can a tapestry be layered? I submit to you it can. Especially an audio tapestry.The one true and prime disappointment I have with this pair lies with the claim of "Enhanced Bass". Perhaps the bass is enhanced from earlier CX 300 models. Though it is nothing to ejaculate over. I desire more.Are they worth buying? For the price found on Amazon, you bet your bleeding ear canals. Personally, I'm still looking for a pair of earbuds that blow me away. This journey shall lead me into an impoverished existence, as all the promising examples cost so much more. So I reiterate: for the price, the Sennheiser CX 300 II earbuds, are incredible.
great
Earbuds work great and were a great price!I use them for travel because they are so compact.Very comfortable to wear with the cushy rubber.
Excellent sound quality!
The sound quality is quite good, but I cannot recommend this product.  Making the cord lengths unequal between ear buds was truly a horrendous design decision (there sadly is no mechanism to adjust this).  There's too much slack in the right ear bud that the cord will slap against your chest while running and ruin your listening experience.
Got this for around $30 back in last december. Used it mainly in only buses and waiting rooms. Right side busted in 8 months. Sound quality is just above average. Not recommended.
What a waste of money.  As others have posted very, very noisy as they move in ear.  Cannot even walk without loud sort of scratching noise.  They have been tossed in a drawer.  Did Sennheiser engineers even test them in the real world?  I think not.
I like the sound quality. However after a few months the rubber tube that attaches to the earbuds detached and now slides freely up and down the wire.It still works well though.
A bit too much bass for me.  I returned it an bought the Sennheiser standard earphone.
I bought these because they were cheap and I have a lot of respect for the Sennheiser name.  I have a pair of HD600 over-the-ear headphones which are amazing.  I needed some in-ear headphones for listening to music in very noisy environments.  I had a pair of $100 Sony ear buds, but my dog chewed them up.  These Sennheisers are not as good.  They fit well, and block out external sound well, but I am a little bit disappointed with the sound quality.  They sound a little bit "crunchy" with annoying resonances up and down the spectrum.  They are worth the discounted price, but I guess I was looking for a really good deal.
I have had several earbuds, and several from sennheiser alone. They have always sounded great and I have managed to get the for amazing prices. I'm not really a fan of the one side being longer than the other to go around the back of your kneck, but you can't compete with the sound and build quality of the sennheisers. They never break either, I just tend to lose buds easily.
Fits well, several ear piece choices so you can find a good seal. Over all very good sound. Lows aren't spectacular, but better than most small ear buds at this price. The cords to each ear are asymmetric, so that the right ear can flip behind your head. This keeps the cord out of your way. I love it for doing yard work. This might be annoying if you keep your phone in your right pocket though.
The sound quality is fantastic for the price, but the "asymmetrical cord" is downright obnoxious. When I opened the package I thought I received a defective product. It is neither functional (a small breeze and it's game over), nor appealing (they look ridiculous). I'd return them, but it's not even worth the $32.50 I paid for them in the first place. Explore other options before settling on these earbuds.
These earbuds fell apart just after Amazon's 30 day return window. The audio jack separated from the rubber attachment to the wire. Either the unit I got was faulty or Sennheiser earbuds are completely shoddy. I want to take advantage of my 2 year warranty but I can't find information on how to do it.
They are great
Wonderful bass. Comfortable. I do not like asymmetrical cables,but no matter, I love them.
I love these headphones, the sound quality is excellent and they fit really well, when I wear these I can barely hear anything else around me, so they seal very well. The only thing I am a little disappointed with is that the left ear bud is purposefully shorter (I didn't notice this on the description), but it makes storing them a little more difficult.
great performance but the noise of wind is quite obvious,so not suitable during windy day.
The quality of these ear buds are pretty good. The bass is very nice of course, HOWEVER...The left wire is shorter than the right, so the wire for your right ear is supposed to go behind your neck. I did not realize this until it was too late. I do not like this style of headphones and wish they made it more clear in the title or at least the description of the product. Amazon is also not letting me return these for some reason. Possibly because they are shipped from Australia. Another thing to be aware of: The warranty is only valid for residents of Australia. (Seems a bit like false advertisement to me) In conclusion, I'm not satisfied with the description of the product, the style, or the return policy. This was definitely not one of my better purchases from Amazon.com
I bought these a few months ago and I regret doing so. I have another pair of sennheiser earbuds which retail at around $50 and they have great sound quality. So I was expecting some similarity when I bought this particular pair but I was hugely disappointed I can't use them they're that bad in comparison. I do not recommend these not saying sennheiser is bad just this particular model.
as for earbuds none are really all that great.  where these differentiate is the different combinations of comfort attachments for getting the right fit per ear size.  a little too brilliant on the high-end, but adjusting the eq solves that to an extent depending on the production quality of the source.  regardless, they are far better than what apple provides with their ipods/iphones.
Best buds I ever owned! Quality product!
Good quality, it would be better  if more mid-tone sound
Fit good but sound cheap. Should be worth around $15-20.
Astounding sounds produced from these in-ears. I am a musician at my church and we use P-16 personal mixers and these in-ears work amazingly well. The responses of the bass guitar, drums, keys, vocals, electric guitar, and my own acoustic are crisp, bright, full, and clear. I also use them for personal use off the stage and the sound is still amazing. You can easily hear the bass runs and the kick drum clearly, the vocals are nice to the ears (not piercing), and the guitars are well balanced. I know that it is from the mixing of the recording producer, but these in-ears don't add in colors to the instruments and vocals.The noise isolation is astounding as well. If they sound is not coming from inside the device, then you ain't gonna hear it. Big reason why, the band I play with, now calls me Moses, lol. For $60, you can't beat that price for these. I love them and would definitely buy them again and again if it is still in production. I also, these in-ears, I have been using them on and off stage for 2yrs now and they still sound amazing.
Great headphones.
These were a birthday gift for my son and he was very pleased with them.
These are one of the best earbuds I have ever owned. It is very portable, sleek and most importantly, there are very few that can contest in the sound department. (I mean that goes without saying considering it is Sennheiser right?) Anyways, it was packaged very properly and also has good audio jack that seems very durable. It is a very great item to own.
This is the second pair I have purchased and I am very dissatisfied with the fact these failed within several months of purchase. I thought the other pair might have been lemons and so purchased a second. I would definitely not recommend these unless they were used by someone who was very inactive. I often wear pods with my iPod at bedtime and listen to audiobooks. These will not last.
These are great earbuds.  You can wear them all day (8+ hours) with _zero_ discomfort. Very good sound range.  I bought several for my wife and myself, and intend to buy Sennheiser products.
Awesome.  Worth every penny.  very comfortable.  Only had them for a week or so, but they are by far the best sounding earbuds I've ever had.
Love them. They have great sound and the hug to the inside of your ear. I can out them in while in bed and watch a movie and they stay put. I don't have to keep putting them back in.
I have been using a brand of headphones that few have heard of called SoundMagic. The E10 to be exact. The reviews were good, and lived up to the expectations. But I needed another pair of headphones because I would forget them at home sometimes, wanted some for work. Sennheiser has a reputation so I decided to try these. What a let down. No contest at all. The SoudMagic E10 are superior in every way. The Sennheiser are so staid and lifeless, with less isolation of individual sounds, and generally 'smaller' sounding. I kept switching between the two while testing and couldn't wait to get back to the SoundMagics as soon as possible. These Sennheisers are adequate as a backup, but that's about it. Seriously disappointed.
I just love them
Already i knew this brand before. They are very professional on their job. for this price i advice this headphone. Usually it much better than other very expensive brands. This price for this quality makes sennheiser ideal option. I gave 4 stars just for there are higher versions of this model.
Sound quality is good, but I don't like offset/uneven earbuds. Sent back to Amazon and bought a pair of Sony's.
Do not think twice. It is awesome.
So worth the money, these sound just as good as a hundred dollar pair
Comfortable and great quality sound 9/10
Very good sound quality for the price, noise cancellation is super.
I love this earbuds,  Excellent sound.  I owned previously a CX215 until the thin left cable tore apart (my fault), and after them a very good pair of IE4 until I left them don't know where.  Both of them had very good sound for their price, the IE4 obviously superior.  It was a big loose.  But this CX300 have an even better sound.  Well balanced, not so aggressive bass, nice fit.  Love them.
They sound great but the sticky rubber that they wrap the cables in gets stuck to everything and ties itself in crazy knots. That is seriously annoying.
sounds great, but came with left ear cord 5 inches shorter then right ear. too much trouble to send it back for another pair. they still work but vender must have purchased rejects at a deal.
Pros: Amazing audio quality, extremely comfortable.Cons: Easy to break, only lasted me about 3 months.If you are going to be sitting in an office, or on a chair in your home, these are great. If you are going to be active while using these, I would advise against buying them. I love Sennheiser products, but the durability on these is quite low.
Best headphones you can buy for $50-60....
I really don't know if the one I got was just one of those rare 1% defect in stock but it sounds terrible. I'm not aiming for the stars and expect $500 worth of sound quality but this one is really just unexpectedly plain, especially after all the positive reviews I've read. Compared to the new apple Earpods, these are plain, lacks base, treble is "off", just not something I want to ever listen to anything through...
These are the best in ear headphones I have ever purchased & they come with a 2 year warranty.  I wear my headphones most of the day, so they get much wear and tear.  It was very easy to get Sennheiser to send me a replacement set when I short occurred.
Love these earbuds!  Sound is amazing!  Excellent seller!
Just buy them, worth
Best headphones to buy at the price.I have a pair 18 months old and going strong.Deep bass sound. Have used for running, planes and trains ( not automobiles ! ).Very comfortable for my ears. Has a range of bud sizes.I love my sound and this remains the best set of head phones I've ever used and I'm very fussy.
These things work really well... until 1 little problem comes along, then its all down hill from there.  I owned 2 pairs of these terrible things and after a few months of the first pair, the right side just went out, no reason for it, just died.  However at the time I really did like them so I ordered another pair and after a month and a half the wires are all screwed up and now I have to press down on the black part that contains the plug in for my iPod because if the wire moves even a little bit, the sound gets horribly distorted.If you plan on listening to music with these headphones but never leaving the house, go for these then as the quality of music is awesome, but if you plan on doing any physical activity, find another pair.
Best earbuds I've ever had. I've tryed so many other earbuds and they just don't match up to these.
For the price I was pleasantly surprised.They are warm sounding with an enhanced bass. Good mids and highs. Actually more pleasing then my beats. Always thought the beats were a bit muddy. A good low cost listening experience. Cables rather fragile. Recommended.
Great quality headphones, but the right earbud cable is WAY too long. I know the idea is to wrap this around your neck, but that’s incredibly uncomfortable. With a series of loops I evened it out, and the sound is crisp and wonderful in them.
Got them while on sale for about $32. Fit well with good isolation from surroundings and came with a nice carrying pouch. Good bass but wish the sound was a little crisper. Only really noticeable when I first started using them and then quickly adjusted. Very satisfied with the product for the price I paid.
It's Great! I'm not really professional in earphones but at least I promise this one is ABSOLUTELY DIFFERENT from the free earphones with your iPhone! (I hate that earphones : \ )  I also have "Audio-Technica ATH-M50x Professional Headphones". That headphones sound better than this one. But after all these are tiny earbuds which are very convenient to carry on when you go outside. In general, I am sure these are the best earbuds under $50!Tips:1. The price is fluctuating. I bought it @ $30 sold by Amazon but I think it's super worth to buy it if the price < $35.2. It includes carrying pouch. I like it! So don't forget it! It is hidden in the packagings. Fortunately I glimpsed the picture of pouch on packagings before I almost threw it into bin.
Two words. Buy them.Pros.Cheap (got them for ~$35)Way better than Beats.Bass <3Nice highs.Plug that you plug into audio place is sturdy and wires won't break.Cons.None.Honestly,I had mine for about 8 months with heavy use. (School and such) and they are well worth the money. For under 50 bucks these are a steal!What are you waiting for? Buy some! :)
Awesome sound!!
Love these. They have great sound for the price.
Like
elementary SENNHEISER product! good performance INDOORS - the sound of wind is ridiculously  clear when there is wind.
Terrible design.  Do not buy them.  The first thing you'll notice about these headphones is the wires leading to headphones aren't the same length.  The splitter is fixed with the left ear wire considerably shorter than the right.  It's supposed to be an ergonomic design, but it's just really frustrating having the splitter on one side of your body, you're constantly aware of it, and you instinctively want to pull on the wire as you walk b/c it's running down the side of your body, and not to mention you look like a moron with one length of wire hanging under your face.The splitter is also huge and pulls on the left ear every time you turn your head to the right.I already mentioned this but you can't change the lengths of the wires coming out of the splitter which makes the headphones not versatile at all.  Can't take them running or use them while doing an activity b/c they just get pulled out out your ears.There is also minimal to no bass as much as they want to advertise these headphones as enhanced bass.  You can hear a nice mid-range and vocals come through very well, but no bass.I'm also not sure why they felt the need to make the 1/8" jack connection huge as well.  It's about half as wide as my iPhone.Terrible headphones, I wasted $30, look for something not stupid.
I'm sure they're wonderful sounding. If you're deaf.Pros:1. They're headphones2. Did not cost too much3. The sound reproduction is excellent, even at lower volumes they retain the warm and body of the music.4. The little vinyl pouch is more useful than I thought it would be, I use it to keep the headphones intact in my pocket.Cons:1. way way too loud. on setting 1 volume, they deafened me to the point of pain in quiet situations.2. The stereo mini jack into the device I'm using from the headphones has this weird arch, I would prefer a low profile, as the higher type gets caught on things.3. Asymmetric headphone wire - this is an exercising improvement - but really - if you're using these for exercising, let me introduce you to any set of headphones that hook over the ears or Bluetooth.In summary, these headphones are great for everyday commute use, but not for a quiet office.
The vacuum cleaner ate my old Sennheisers that fell on the floor.  These are good quality as usual from Sennheiser but they are tinny sounding compared to the phones I got with my Iriver MP3 player.  I miss my old ones.
Great in-ear headphones for the price.
The shipping was fast but the product did not work correctly it has to do with the cable jack it was messed up. I had to rotate it in a certain direction in order to get sound i tryed many devices to make sure it was the ear buds.the quality of sound that came out was ok not any better then the CX 215 witch is alot cheaper than these but than again the messed up cable jack could have hindered the quality of sound another thing i dident like about the CX 300 II the left wire was longer than the right i thought at first that it was a manufacturer mistake but comes to find out that's the way it's suppose be, i must have missed the fine print some were.
Had another paid of the same model in the past, but these are much less comfortable.
It's always my favorite earphones. Great sound quality with cheap price.
One of the headphone died quickly within only one month of use.
Great Sound
Have had mine for years now. They've outlasted more expensive pairs and still sound great.
they sound good
Pros:- The sound quality is good.- The jack connector is well made.Cons:- One ear wire is longer than the other.- The earbuds do not fit very well.Overall:- Spend the extra $20 to get the Klipsch s4.
Let me start this off with a warning - if you're looking for earphones for running or otherwise exercising, these do have a fair amount of cord noise.For straight up listening, or even just walking, though, these are an amazing-sounding pair of earbuds for a very good price. They do an excellent job of isolating outside noise, are surprisingly comfortable if you find the right size seal, and in terms of sound quality, it was like I was listening to my music collection for the first time again :PThe build quality also feels quite sturdy, I don't feel like I'd break them by dropping them once (and as a matter of fact, I didn't).
Sounds great! However, I was more amazed by how lite feel the speakers are when in the ear. It seals off really well too.
Good earbuds for kids who are always loosing them
Great bass sound.... value for money... not suitable for running as you can hear the cable sound...
Had these for 2 months, and still working great. For the price, these headphones give a great, loud sound. Plus, especially with the bent adapter, they're rather sturdy. The bag is also a nice touch, and takes up very little space. For me the medium size fits great in my ear, and after a while I sometimes forget I'm even wearing them. Overall, one of the best you can get for the discounted price.
These earphones are well made and fit comfortably in your ear. I'm giving this 5 stars!
Good earphones, that sound nice. Think it may take me a while to get used to the asymmetrical cord however.
The sound quality is superior to even more expensive headphones. Yes, earbuds that are way better than many headsets.Very fair price for the quality. Sennheiser never disappoints.
Standing in an airport several years ago I saw these in an electronics shop as I realized I needed a replacement for the poor quality ear buds I had left at home.  I worked in high-end electronics in the 80's and Sennheiser was a headphone powerhouse then for the discriminating, so I picked these up based on their old reputation.  Short summary - it was not a mistake.I paid more than what they sell for now, so the current pricing makes them a killer deal.  At a glance do not seem overly sturdy, but they hold up very well.  Having now traveled around the world a few times with them, wrapped and re-wrapped them up to fit in their cute little pouch, and used them daily at work, I can vouch for their sturdiness.For sound quality, they do cancel outside sound well, being very effective on airplanes or loud offices.  Once in your ear and seated they will give you very clear sound, letting you hear things you may not have noticed before.  On one long flight I was given a pair of Bose noise-cancelling headphones (which costs hundreds more than these).  Having never used them before I gave them the A-B listening test (yes, I was bored - it was a very very long flight).  After about an hour I gave the Bose back to the crew to get them out of my way.  They sounded nice, but these little Sennheisers had a better noise cancellation, as well as a much finer sound.  Highs come through quite clearly, and voices are both clear and sound very natural.  As one who listens to much acoustic, classical, jazz and electronic music, these to me seem to fit all I have thrown at them very well.As a warning, I have found out that the musical source does make a difference.  Make sure your digital output is high quality for the best sound.  Google iPod DACs some time and you will see what I am talking about (it can be a rather heated debate).  My old iPod touch has better sound quality than my newer iPhone, for example.  On poor quality headphones you would never notice this, but with these I clearly can.While you can go much higher in price and achieve far better sound, if your pocketbook like most of us cannot do that, then this will be a highly acceptable solution.  It makes a great birthday present to yourself, for example, so enjoy them!
I'm not a fan of the "y" style of the product where one side is much longer than the otherwise. Sound quality can also be better as it lacks bass. Have bought Creative headphones for less with more bass. Sound Cancelation is good.
So far these are the best buds I've owned - clear sound and comfortable.
Really great sound from a very affordable headphone.  Solid bass with none of the fake distortion that comes from other brands with built in equalizers.  I listen to a lot of pod casts and voices are normalized and clear.  Music is crisp and clear.  I'm very happy with these headphones.  The J set up is odd t (one headphone has a much longer cord that goes behind your neck) but quite useful once you  get used to it.
These headphones are amazing! The sound quality is beyond superb. The bass is not boosted which is great, I have my equalizer for that. The sound quality is so clear it'll make you question the quality of your music. I highly recommend!
Easily the worst headphones I ever bought.  The cable was a different length to each ear and then the left earbud stopped working in two days.  Garbage.
The sound quality is amazing and it blocks out a lot of outside noise. Now if there was a sport-specific version of these that would be brilliant.
These are good quality headphones for the price.However, the main reason I was disappointed was because the lengths of the earbud wires were uneven..
My friend liked them, they came in perfect condition.
I'm sure they're wonderful sounding. If you're deaf.Pros:1. They're headphones2. Did not cost too much3. The sound reproduction is excellent, even at lower volumes they retain the warm and body of the music.4. The little vinyl pouch is more useful than I thought it would be, I use it to keep the headphones intact in my pocket.Cons:1. way way too loud. on setting 1 volume, they deafened me to the point of pain in quiet situations.2. The stereo mini jack into the device I'm using from the headphones has this weird arch, I would prefer a low profile, as the higher type gets caught on things.3. Asymmetric headphone wire - this is an exercising improvement - but really - if you're using these for exercising, let me introduce you to any set of headphones that hook over the ears or Bluetooth.In summary, these headphones are great for everyday commute use, but not for a quiet office.
The vacuum cleaner ate my old Sennheisers that fell on the floor.  These are good quality as usual from Sennheiser but they are tinny sounding compared to the phones I got with my Iriver MP3 player.  I miss my old ones.
These are my favorite earbuds I've ever encountered. The bass sound is amazing for buds and I really want for no other pair of headphones. Bae.
The headphones actually work well, but the cord for the right headphone was more than 2 times as long as the left one making it extremely uncomfortable to wear.  A shame the company is wasting good engineering and design via low cost/quality manufacturing in China.  Returning them now - if the new ones come as advertised I will update with a better rating.
Fantastic sounding earbuds for the price.
I use these every day at the gym. They stay in my ears despite how sweaty I get. I used to use the Panasonic RP-HTF600-S Stereo Over-ear Headphones, but quit using them in the gym due to the length of the cord. I originally purchased the Sennheiser CX200 Twist-to-Fit Earbuds, and really liked them, but then I misplaced them and needed a new pair.The cx300 II is an awesome ear bud. It cancel’s noise better than anything I have tried except for Bose noise cancelling headphones.I was shocked and impressed the first time I used these ear buds.They are resilient, and sturdy. I have stepped on them twice, and yanked them out my ear a few times when catching them on a barbell or something ( I try to keep the cord under my shirt when weightlifting, but forget to sometimes) and I keep them in my gym bag that gets tossed around in my truck.I’m very happy with these and will eventually try one of the top line Sennheiser headphones.
Thank you. Also let me be utilized.
Outstanding sound. Deep bass capable and sharp trebles. Great bang for buck.
Wowing
I have Sennheiser HD 280 Pro cans and absolutely love them!  So how could I go wrong in getting buds... it went wrong. Precision Enhanced Bass is what is in the description of these buds. The bass presence is none existent, absolutely zero bass! I tried different genres of music and it was all the same result, no bass presence.  I am returning and ordering some Skull Candy buds that a friend of mine let me try out.
Beautiful.  Great full sound.  Crystal mids, clean highs, and deep precise lows.  Yes I listen to rap, hiphop etc and these sound great with that, but I also listen to a ton of podcasts such as securitynow! and freedomainradio.  This set works equally well for the pure talking as I find it brings the baritone out in the mostly tenor men's voices.Cats chewed through one set, shoulda kept it in the bag, any way I immediately bought another set and am still happy even if it's like I paid $70 for one pair.  The medium earbuds are perfect for me.  Also I have some cheap RCA earbud tips that fit this like I glove that I use.
This headphones is perfect for music with powerful bass, like Metal, R&B, etc. I Recommend it amply.
These earphones are simply great! Nice sound quality and do not tangle easily!
excellent quality sound
good sound
I would say they are one step above the stock apple headphones that come with the purchase of an I pod. They are more comfortable to wear than apple headphones.
The Quality Of The Earphones Where Ok No Problems Nothing I Did have a problem because i remember reading that it had a mic and it did not have a mic and one was smaller then the other cored just like how they sound other then that they suck
OK headphones. Sound is somewhat "dry". Definitely not worth $80 (although Amazon sells them for $30).Philips SHE6000/28 for $25 beats this product hands down. I will be returning this purchase.
I've had two pairs of these (I lost one in my car) and I love them. The sound quality is good and they block out background noise very well because they go in the ear. The multiple size ear bud cushions are great as well!The chord is a little long though so it gets tangled in things sometimes
Love these headphones! They are loud and fit well. Not a huge fan of the short/long cord but I'm getting used to it. I wear these on my motorcycle under my helmet without issue.
The Sennheiser CX 300 delivers good base and other frequencies better than other earbuds that I have owned.  My only complaint is that the wire to the left channel is shorter than the right channel  wire - an unusual design.  My first pair broke when the longer wire got snagged on an object that I walked past pulling the wire from its socket.  But the sound is great.
Very good especially if you want to use in flights. Comfortable for long durations as well.
I love these headphones. I use to own the Bose ear buds. After about three years one side shorted out so I decided to give these a try. The balance is great but you can still get some pretty good low bass. For the price they are a steal. I use them everyday and the fit is comfortable. If you are looking for Bose quality for the Skull Candy price I would recommend this product. I have not been disappointing yet.
I order a pair about once a year. I use ear buds a lot and every pair (different brands and models) eventually die out on me. Because of this, I don't want to spend $100+ a pair, so this price is much more reasonable. These buds sound great for the price. Just the right amount of bass for my rock and metal without it feeling empty or overpowering. They have good range. Not THE best you can buy, but also for a fraction of those. I'd recommend these over any Beats or Skull candy product as well... Don't get me started on those...
These headphones cancel so much outside noise its insane, they might as well be soft ear plugs.The response on the low end is nuts.They look and feel exceptionally well built.The sound is crystal clear; it is so clear infact that you can hear that your pandora stream is not perfect.Amazing product, would buy again if it broke and the 2 year warranty didnt cover it.Comfort is 10/10, I dont see how an in ear set could ever top this at this price point.
Didn't measure up to my expectations
Didnt sound that great and wouldnt stay in my ears.Better after break-in but still not great. The sport headphones are much better value
loved it
These are Sennheisers.  Sounds like it actually sounds.  Reproduces what it gets, crisply and cleanly. No bass overload and/or mush like the Dr. Dre/Monsters I ordered at the same time.  Tough trade between these and the $120 Klipschs (sp?) I also have.  Unless you like Rap or ridiculously bass heavy stuff, get the Sennheisers.
service was really good.  Headphones are just soso.  I for my sansa clip, skull candy ear buds are cheaper and sound better.
The sound quality is good, but the wires are rubberized and tangle extremely easily.  I have two pairs of $9 earphones that are easier to unwrap.  I prefer the cheap earphones over these.
These are my favorite IEMs or in ear headphones for the price for the music I listen to. I listen to anything EDM, house, trap, dance, etc. If listening to these genres I would say these are a great buy since they have a V shaped frequency and has a great low end and a nice sub bass.If you plan on listening to any other non-bass dependent genres I would get a different headphone with more crisp and accurate mids and highs.For the money these are great and are actually quite comfortable. The cord is also tangle resistant and rarely gets in knots.
The Sennheiser CX 300 delivers good base and other frequencies better than other earbuds that I have owned.  My only complaint is that the wire to the left channel is shorter than the right channel  wire - an unusual design.  My first pair broke when the longer wire got snagged on an object that I walked past pulling the wire from its socket.  But the sound is great.
Very good especially if you want to use in flights. Comfortable for long durations as well.
verly goodSennheiser CX 300 II
These can't be beat for the price. The sound is superb and the asymmetrical cable is awesome. At first I was disappointed to find out that cable wasn't symmetrical like the one found on the original CX300, but after learning that the cable is suppose to wrap BEHIND your neck allowing you to hang the buds around your neck when not in use, I found that asymmetrical cables are far superior. The shorter end of the cable goes the the left and the longer to the right. There's an L & R printed on the buds which stands for Left and Right ear. I wear my buds all the time at work and I never need to stash them away in a pocket because they're always hanging off my neck. They also stay in the ear better then the CX300s because there's less cabling pulling down on the buds. All thanks to the asymmetrical cable. I wear then at the gym and while biking and I've never had a problem with the buds popping out.Plus they sound awesome with a little tweaking of the EQ on my Rockboxed Sansa Clip Zip.
Great sound,adequate bass,terrific price,only drawback is the stiffness of the wires themselves,not very pliable like Sony MDR,for instance...
Good product quality
The best sound ever from a pair pd earbuds any at a great price too? The expanded bass along with super mid-range and high notes creates a great listening experience second to none?
For the money, the sound produced by these ear buds is excellent. I was pleasantly surprised when I tried them on, What an improvement!I've bought more expensive headphones that weren't as good.For the money, you wont be disappointed.
great audio quality. I don't like the uneven length of the L/R headphones though. Great ear plug stand ins as well. It blocks out surrounding noise very well.
Good quality for good money
Great audio sound quality, but came with only the one set of rubber ear pieces.  Product description advised there would be three sizes (small, medium, and large).  A little disappointing.Tac
In my search for a new high quality IEM less than $100 to use on a daily basis, I tried multiple different ones and returned them all due to lack of sound quality, not fitting properly in my ear, or they had build issues right off the bat. I passed on the Sennheisers a couple times due to their reviews and low price tag (I was assuming lower quality, my mistake). After doing a little more reseach, which I always do before actually buying, I came to find out there are a lot of fakes floating around out with some serious quality issues, hence the multiple 1 and 2 star ratings. I decided to take the chance and buy these directly from Amazon and I could not be happier with the results. These IEMs are a STEAL for $30. In comparison to other more expensive IEMs that I tried, it isnt even close. The build is very nice, earbuds have a nice feel/weight to them and they deliver big sound. Highs, mids, and lows all blend perfectly with all different types of music that I tested them with (funk, rock, acustic, electronic...) with nothing over powering the other. Bass is crisp and sharp, it is present but far from muddy which would have been a deal breaker. In the end high sound quality and a good fit was what I was looking for and these definitely delivered.Are these the best IEMs ever made? No but I dont think you can find a better set for less that $120. These are a great set of high quality IEMs for a bargin price, plain and simple.
Good value for the price.
Great Product, it have a good sound.
broken on arrival
Pretty good phones, nothing special but seem to work well with decent sound. If anyone wants really good headphones, get Grado Open ears, these are good for the office to block out external noise, good bass
These don't stay in my ears at all, with any of the covers that come with them. Perhaps it's the shape of my ears, but I also thought the sound had too much treble.
Ok
These are decent ear buds and have good tone and volume.  They claim to have some noise canceling ability which they do not. I find that they are not very comfortable and the wiring has to be placed at odd angles to keep them from falling out of my ears. I tend to like my cheap candy ear buds better.
I never had Supreme Quality headphones until I bought these.
These earbuds sound better than my over the ear headphones I typically use for gaming. And since they're noice cancelling due to sealing of the ear canal, they are perfect for my business trips and being constantly in an airplane. Outstanding range. The bass is eyebrow raising in it's fullness. I am extremely satisfied with the performance of these earbuds.
These sound great and the price is perfect.  It took a little getting used to have the wire on the back of my neck but once I adjusted to it I find I prefer it to the conventional "wire hanging in front".  The bass output sounds great and they really are noise cancelling.
This brand was recommended to me by my boyfriend who, is rather tech savy. I was a die hard sony headphones fan until these. I hope they last long. Im totally notorious for headphones blowing out >:) lets see how these last. Great sound quality so far, cancel out noise too.
I was about to buy a pair of those Beats headphones but I did a little research and came across these. Wow! Awesome sound. Bass is hitting, the highs are very clear, and the music quality is amazing!
Nice product and smooth transaction!!!
BEST EARPHONES FOR PIRCE
Great sound good price and I like the asymmetrical cable around the back of your neck.  You can take one bud out and it doesn’t dangle down to your belt and pull the other bud out. With that you can listen to your wife while keeping the music going in the other ear.
I have been using these for a couple of months. I won't be replacing these unless they are lost.They sound really good and are very comfortable in my ears. For me, the initial fit was snug but never turns uncomfortable. I haven't needed to try the other sized rubber pads. I've fallen asleep listening to music with them on and in the morning they still haven't fallen out. The sound is clear and I think all the highs, mids and lows are all fairly represented. The bass is present and you will hear it on music where it is present, but I don't think the bass is overly emphasized. For volume, they get plenty loud even with my smartphone player or my android tablet. I have to stop cranking the volume before they start to distort. They don't have a mic, but i can just talk to the smartphone when I need to.The earphones seem durable and have survived some mild abuse so far.The little carry bag is more usable than most others because the spring loaded opening and closing is very convenient.I like them so much I bought a second pair. One pair kept at home with the android tablet and one pair in the bag when I am out and about with my smartphone,
Product shipped really fast and was as described. These headphones are a killer value and I would highly recommend them to anyone who wants affordable high quality headphones.
Arrived in a very timely fashion and the item is stellar. I would absolutely order this item again.
These are great! A staple in my sons life!  Very please with the quality!
Love these phones. Still going strong after three years and lots of abuse. Super clear sound and great frequency response.
I have to say that I'm very disappointed in the Sennheiser CX 300II.  Perhaps I received one with quality issues? It is supposed to be "Enhanced Bass" but it seems there is very little bass at all. Stock Apple earphones are much better.  I had a pair of Bose earbuds and they were great...excellent bass response and very good through the rest of the frequency range.  The CX300II are crisp, but nearly all treble and high tones with no bass. I'm disappointed, especially after mostly glowing reviews.  If there was way to return them for a refund, I would.  Otherwise they will sit in the drawer unused.
Great sound quality. Only thing I don't like about it was the "asymmetrical cords" of whatever. One side's cord is considerably shorter than the other. I guess you're supposed to put the longer right ear bud around the back of your neck to your ear, it's kinda awkward but the headphones never fall out this way and I don't find the cord getting in the way as much.
Good
Horrible I want a refund :(
I would love to write a long review about these, i have been through alot of headphones, including the klipsh ones and these blow anything i have ever tried away. deep bass response and the clarity is fantastic.
Good Price. Good Quality.
I have owned several sets of Sennheiser headphones (over the ear) for listening to two channel stereo. The all provided a consistent sound that I find pleasing. When I needed a set of earbuds, the choice was easy. I find these items to be solid performer at a reasonable price. They fit my ear perfectly and provide a full spectrum sound that is at least as good as the source material. Well done Sennheiser.
I love using these at work.  It blocks out nearly everything around me.  The sound quality is very good and you can hear the highs and lows very well.
Love the sound quality out of these.. my only complaint is the awkward cord that tends to tangle up a lot.  I use these at the gym and sometimes they get in the way of things.These are the best headphones you can buy for 30 dollars hands down.  I'm a long-time user of Sennheiser products and they never disappoint.
Sennheiser is the best
Great sound. Didn't realize there's no speaker. But amazing for listening!
These headphones work great.  I ended up getting them because I was sick of replacing my Bose In Ear headphones every year when the cord broke.  For the price, these do a great job.  They aren't nearly as nice as the Bose model, but they are 1/3rd the price and have lasted me two years now with no notable damage.  They are comfortable in the ear and provide adequate sound quality.  It does not have any noise cancelling and the cord tends to get extremely tangled the second you try to fold it and put it in your pocket, but other than that, I like it and would buy again.
There is a significant difference between the CX 200 and the CX 300. These sound fantastic.
I've give this as a present a few times now. A hit.
Packaging is terrible, otherwise good headphones for the money.
Quality is very mediocre.
First, I'll start with presentation. It is appalling; Plastic packaging, which is a massive pain to open without harming the packaging inside, I don't know about others and you may personally not care about packaging, but to me presentation is a huge thing. Something that Sennheiser has failed horribly on. Especially when you experience an amazing un-packaging, earbud quality experience right before it (looking at you beautiful Xiaomi Piston 2.0s).After this, I inspected my earbuds as I do all of them (qa on my end.) They appear cheap, compared to other less expensive ones I have purchased in the past (the poor cord, mesh, and plastic sound driver casing). Never been a fan of the whole angled input either.Sound quality? It's barely above what you would get out of Skullcandy Ink'd line, and the bass is certain enhanced, it drowns out any other instrument, so if you solely listen to bass heavy music, and don't care about anything else, these would be fine for you.Otherwise, I'd go for better pairs.
Pretty great IE headphones for 30 bucks. Sounds better than the free samsung ones. I don't suggest using these while working out. They fall out a little too easily. Also, the wire lengths are different so you can put one around your neck. Im not very fond of this, but I should have read more before buying it. At first I thought something had gone horribly wrong in production. Don't expect real audiophile quality with the k701 soundstage or anything like that. 30 is worth it though! If you want good headphones at this price and don't mind them over the ear, check out the koss porta-pro
Using these for one and a half years. They are good earbuds...
One earbud blew out, not what I was expecting from Sennheiser, I've used their products for years, these were just cheaply made all around
I bought two of these, they are really comfortable, sounds great, really worth the price. Best earphones in this category.
I killed another pair of headphones (yet again) and purchased these after I've grown tired of using my default ipod earbuds. these have taken a serious beating this month and I had zero confidence they would last this long. They are very durable and solid comfort in the ears, although if you sweat a lot or get caught in the rain, they will do a little weird suction thing sometimes. The sound is beautiful and clear. I am a Dubstep fan, so I like my bass to be strong, these earbuds did not fail me. I know the sound is good when everything else around me is zoned out. you are in your own little world with these headphones.If you like bass, - buy themIf you need durability- buy themIf you want good quality at a good price - buy themIf you are easily irritated by the fact that the left earbud's wire is shorter than the right -buy them anyways, you'll get used to it! (seriously, if that bothers you too much, don't buy them.)
I personally bought these because the ones I had before (Skullcandy S2IKDY-003) stopped working correctly; and judging on the general "hype" people had on a good majority of the reviews here I suppose I expected a better sound quality but honestly in my personal opinion they sound just about the same (maybe just barely a tad clearer, but not very considerable) to the Skullcandy ones . As far as physical quality goes, they don't seem very durable, the cords AND the actual headphones feel remarkably fragile (also I noticed that the left headphone has a way shorter cord than the right, maybe made that way to easily identify left from right, I've actually never seen this before, but I don't know if I like it lol). With that being said, I think the headphones are okay, the price is pretty low considering the quality so I guess it is fair, and maybe these headphones are made for a general music genre that I happen not to listen. So I'd say if you are in a desperate need for headphones and only have 30 bucks go ahead, but if you think you can wait, try to save some more money and get some better ones.
Had these before but I broke them after about 18 months of hard use, so when I saw them in the Memorial Day sale I couldn't resist.Great deep sound, nice fit and they stay in my ear even when I'm exercising hard.Combined with some Bose QC 15s for travelling, my headphone needs are well and truely covered.
I bought these on whim looking for a little better sound without breaking the bank.If you are a person who sits a lot & enjoys crisp sounding audio, buy these headphones!******((BUT))*******  FOR JOGGERS AND ATHLETES...One ear wire is 2x longer than the other, I guess to help it run down the side of your body.It's not a very good layout for running, jumping .. or really much moving of any kind.
Only had for a month.  They were relatively inexpensive and I am pleased with the base.  They sound much better than stock headphones.  Cords look thin, might be a problem.  Earbuds very comfortable.  Good purchase.
Love it! Great quality for little cost! Amazing bass and clarity. I use this headphone primarily for workout. The earbuds doesn't slip off as easy as the apple version. Buy it! Seriously buy it!The only con is the wires gets easily tangled.... But whatever ... Headphone only cost like $30
Why do people wear earbuds? So they can listen to music...in public. On the train, walking around, at work, whatever. When the cables are asymmetrical, it makes you look absolutely ridiculous. You end up with this weird necklace/beard of a cable just dangling limply below your chin, held up by the tension of the other, shorter side. Someone else said they're designed to go behind the neck. Uh, what? That may be true, but that looks equally ridiculous. I just simply can't put these on, look in the mirror and not say "Wow, I look absurd. Facing the world like this would erase years of social climbing."So, that was a waste of money. It's really too bad, my previous Sennheiser earbuds were the best I've ever had AND they had normal cables (until they one day inexplicably snapped). I just can not in any world fathom who thought this was a good idea and why companies still do this. Shirt sleeves are always the same length, pant legs are always the same length, etc. Please, can a company make an earbud that (a) fits snugly in my ears and (b) has normal cable length. I pretty much don't even care about sound quality anymore. I just want to be able to listen to music.
Nice sound, excellent quality.  The rubber buds fit nicely in your ears but, if you are working out and sweating alot, they do tend to get loose
Affordable, great sound, lightweight. Only complaint is the 70/30 style headphone cord. Never have been a fan of it but oh well, doesnt affect performance just a personal thing.
Awesome sound and overall quality for the price. Highly recommend. Sennheiser has impressed me yet again. Really good bass quality and extra rubber buds which is always nice!
I bought these after I lost my old ones, which I had bought about eight years ago.  I loved that pair; the sound was very good and they were small and portable.  Easy to take on the plane, etc.  After searching and searching my house, I finally broke down and bought a new pair of CX 300 II.  Two things struck me:  the sound seemed better than before - I was picking up little background notes and sub-melodies I had never noticed before;  the second thing I noticed was the cord noise was noticeable and bothersome.Well, two weeks after getting my new pair, I found my old ones!  Now I have the chance to confirm my suspicions, I I was right on both accounts.  The sound is indeed MUCH clearer and richer.  Upon comparison with my old ones, even a casual listener could easily notice the difference.  I think Sennheiser has really upped their game here.However, I was right about the cord noise, too.  While there is similar cord noise on my old pair, it is lower pitched, and probably lower in "volume" too.  The newer cord noise is comparatively high-pitched and grating.  As others have mentioned before, the plastic on the cord is rather "tacky" so it tends to catch more, and every time it does so, it sends a thud up to to the ears.  During the last two weeks, I have learned to be more careful of how I place the cord, and I can generally get by without much cord noise.  Never had to take that kind of care with the old pair.  I think Sennheiser really needs to improve on this.  It used to not be so intrusive.Another, very minor, gripe is the "stylistic" shape of the plug.  It sticks out too far, and takes more space.  Unnecessary.In sum, I LOVE the sound and fit on these Sennheisers, and I'm 90% satisfied.  If they could somehow reduce of that pesky cord noise, I'd be all in with five stars.
Do not buy if you plan to run in these. The sound gets foggy and also sounds jumpy while running. Otherwise they would be fine.
First off, these are definitely solid headphones that are comfortable to wear, they have good response at all frequencies. The worst part about them is the asymmetrical cords. As advertised, they significantly reduce tangling (but by no means eliminate it). However, this means that the shorter cable is always under more slack which I don't like. I don't think I'll ever get asymmetrical again...Moreover, instead of the CX300s, I recommend the Sennheiser CX215s over this because I think they provide better quality sound (they're also cheaper).I received from CX215s for a birthday present and I immediately loved them, they were super bass-y when I wanted them to be and when I didn't, the mids and highs were still extremely crisp. I was amazed by how great quality was (coming from someone who mainly uses V-Moda Crossfades). I only bought the CX300s because I lost my CX215s and I expected the CX300s to have even better sound quality (since they cost more). I was wrong and when I ever need to buy need in-ear headphones (as a gift or a replacement for myself), I'll be buying the CX215s.
These Sennheiser earphones are small with big sound. Wow these are 2x better than my bose earphones and they cost a third of what my bose earphones cost. great buy.
I have owned at least 7-8 pairs of Skullcandy earbuds in the past. Their sound quality was great, but I got tired of having to buy a new pair every 4-5 months. I decided to finally start looking for something else and came across these. I read up on some of the reviews and people claimed that these specific pair of earbuds lasted them at least a year. I felt the reviews were pretty trustworthy so I decided to give them a try myself. One thing that really made me glad that I bought them is that they are German made (not made in China like everything else is). Since German products are typically a lot more reliable than Chinese products, I was (at first) more than happy to have bought them. Before they stopped working after only using them for not even 5 months the only thing that I found to be very annoying is the fact the the left earbud wire is half the length of the right. It gets VERY annoying sometimes.Even though this product has a higher frequency rating than Skullcandys, the sound is actually not that much better at all. And considering that Skullcandys are half the price of these, sound just as good, and will last just as long, I see no reason for me to keep buying from Sennheiser.There is a reason a lot of modern day house appliances like refrigerators and washing machines only last for a certain amount of time. My grandparents own a refrigerator that they bought in the 70's and still use it to this day. I know its only considered a conspiracy theory, but do you honestly expect me to believe that with the advanced technology we have today we cant make a washing machine or a refrigerator that can last longer than 3 years but yet back in 1977 (a time when technology was less advanced) a refrigerator could last you decades?Planned Obsolescence is less than a decade old. Ever since the recession, several companies have been doing it left and right. Tech companies are no different. Earbuds are the worst when it comes to this theory. Skullcandy, Beats and Sennheiser are all doing it. The people who claim their pair of Sennheisers lasted them a year obviously do not use them as much as me (I use earbuds every single day). These earbuds only lasted me 5 months and then the left earbud started to go out. The point that Im trying to make is this: it doesnt matter what company makes it or what the price is, almost all tech companies use planned obsolescence when making their products so that they break over a certain amount of time and you, the consumer, must now go out and buy another pair. Theres literally no point in buying these headphones AT ALL. Skullcandys sound just as good and are half the price. Skullcandys are very similar to Sennheisers. They both last 5 months and they both have great sound quality. The difference? You dont have to pay over $30 for a pair of Skullcandys.
Where the buds split one side is longer than the other. This makes it somewhat awkward to use sometimes. Sound seems good.
They are horrible.  They broke before they lasted a year. Not what I expected.  Will never buy them again. Cheaply made.  I want my money back.
I got two pairs of these headphones right around christmas time this year i really enjoyed the quality of the music from these headphones.  They perform very well in a wide range of frequencies.  I found that these headphones deteriorate in about two to three months since both pairs have had the same problem where the left earbud becomes muffled and most of the quality is lost when only one earbud functions properly.  Sadly I will only give them two stars because they stopped working properly after 2-3 months.
only down side  is eventually one ear bud completely loses sound. in most cases it is unrepairable. had that happen with these and various pairs of skull candy earphones.
I used these to replace trashed iPhone buds.  Obviously a large upgrade in that department.  These things are extremely bright and have an obvious lack of depth in comparison to my x11's.  I still enjoy them for what they are and would recommend them in that respect.
These were purchased as a means to replace the stock Apple Earpods and I can conclusively say that they are a marked improvement. The bass is nice and punchy without being too bloated, although that changes a bit when you push the volume too high (not that you should be listening to music that loudly to begin with). They come bundled with three sizes of earbud tips which are great for me as I have small ears and most tips I find are simply too rounded to fit in my ears, so I have to give them credit for having a comfortable fit. Obviously these earbuds are not going to please the audiophile in your life for $34 (at time of review) but if you're just looking for an upgrade from your default headphones, you can't go wrong for the price.
Make sure to read the description of the product. I didn't expect it to have an asymmetrical cord but it worked out for the best. These are great for everyday use and working out, as they do not slip out of the ear. They also have great sound quality. I would recommend this to a friend.
HIgh quality sound, strong bass, nice mids, stock buds that come on are a bit big for my ears but 3 sizes come with it so that was no issue. Wonderful buy for the price!
These are fantastic earbuds, I lost my other Vmoda earbuds (~$80) somewhere and needed a replacement.Well these are great earbuds. The sound is excellent, and the bass is not lacking at all, it is actually pretty powerful.They are also pretty comfortable.The only complaint I have is that the asymmetrical cord is a little awkward, but once you look passed that these are a great buy.
I just replaced these for a lost set of $25 sony earbuds that i was using for years and couldn't be happier.  These buds are LOUD.  Bass is rich but not overwhelming, mids are punchy, highs are a little flat but can still hear very well.  The only thing i don't like is the 1/8" L connector is raised a little bit too high and sits about 1/2" from the device, but other than that everything is living up to sennheisers reputation.  For $30 I would recommend and purchase again.
Excellent sound, fits pretty well on ear. They come with a nice bag to keep them safe. Gotta love sennheiser.
I've had multiple ear bud headphones in the past, always the cheap $20 ones you get at target. Finally decided to splurge and get quality and hands down this is quality. The speakers really do cover a good range not just better bass. The rubber coating on the wires is good quality and feel like they have a low friction coating. Untangling the wires seems to be easier with this pair that with any of the others. The other cool thing was that this has to be the only headphone that I can wear for >4 hours without hurting.I would highly recommend this product
I'm not an audiophile by any means, so perhaps these are'nt the perfect headphones, but for a day to day basis these headphones are very top notch. The bass is pretty nice for the size and everything sounds pretty clear. The asymmetric design was weird for a little while, but once i got used to it i found it strange to use regular symmetric headphones because it so nice to have the cord behind your neck instead of dangling up front. Overall very good headphones and a very good price
To say they are good would be a lie, but saying these are bad would be a lie too.They are not what I was thinking as it reads "Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds". The sound response is med rang at best. There is a bit a static sound with some songs and that is NOT do to under powering or overpowering the small speaker. JVC or Boss on the high in of price are a better sound for your buck. I was thinking that these earbuds would be OK to try for the price as we all know that none of these things last for long with active people. Who likes to bust out sixty to eighty bucks for new earbuds a year now days.You get what you pay for with these!
For the price i paid @$25 for these ears buds are great for the price. but for the buds to be retailed at $80 definitely would not recommend buying that high. Reasoning is the Quality of the cord, and sound. Lots of low end ear buds now adays have better noise canceling than these buds.  The other sound issue i have is when i Work out with them, Cord noise is one of the most annoyingest thing ever!!This is a Sennhesier Review but i would like to compare these buds with my Klipsch s5i which hits pretty hard in all sound quality your looking for.Cording on these buds feels very cheap and easily tangled. when i take the earbuds out form the casing it tangles immediatelyI would say overall these buds are one of the best sounding ones out there, The cording and cord noise deterred me from ranking it a 4 or 5 . If your using it for everyday usage that's not  physically challenged like running this is the Ideal earbuds for you.
Look im no audiophile but i constantly listen to music on my iphone and I know what decent earphones sound like.  Destroys far more expensive buds AND they are sturdy.  Ive dropped hundreds on buds over the years, maybe a grand in total.  These things are THE BEST.  Do not hesitate on this purchase.  These are my portable audio buds of choice despite having bombed tons of cash on other highly touted and outrageously priced ones.
My absolute favorite Klipsch Image S4's finally gave up their last breath after 3 years.  Foolishly I decided to try something new rather than buy an exact(ish) replacement.Ugh.  Bad sound in one ear from day one.  In process of returning to Amazon.  For me the asymmetrical cord is just awful.  I suppose it's a personal preference thing.  What ends up happening is all of the weight of the cord (I know, it's not that much weight) ends up being held by one ear bud rather than distributing that weight between two ear buds.  If the ear buds are already a slightly bad fit, this ends up pulling them out frequently.  I also found that the amount of cord on the short side was much too short so it would be tugged at when I turned my head.  Over all not a great experience at all.My new Klipsch headphones should be waiting for me at home today.
I'm a sennheiser fan and using sennheiser HD 429 headphone for last 4 years and still working good.And I got needs for replacing my old Galaxy S2 earphone which is really good but cords is nearly broken.Cons:nice bassnice mids and highs (clear sounds)Pros:tiny cord
I cannot say I am a discriminating user but for the price, these buds sound great to me.  And are not uncomfortable as so many are.I recommend them.
I replaced my Bose earbuds with cx300's. It's hard to beat Bose for sound and bass response however, I was not willing to spend $100.00 to buy another pair. The Sennheiser's are very comfortable and the overall sound and bass response are sufficient for my needs. I feel these earbuds are an excellent replacement based on value and performance. I would recommend them to friends and family.
Using these for one and a half years. They are good earbuds...
One earbud blew out, not what I was expecting from Sennheiser, I've used their products for years, these were just cheaply made all around
Excellent sound, fits pretty well on ear. They come with a nice bag to keep them safe. Gotta love sennheiser.
I've had multiple ear bud headphones in the past, always the cheap $20 ones you get at target. Finally decided to splurge and get quality and hands down this is quality. The speakers really do cover a good range not just better bass. The rubber coating on the wires is good quality and feel like they have a low friction coating. Untangling the wires seems to be easier with this pair that with any of the others. The other cool thing was that this has to be the only headphone that I can wear for >4 hours without hurting.I would highly recommend this product
Pros:  Sound quality is pretty good for the money.  Sealed ear canal design shuts out most ambient noise.Cons:  Not good for running.  Sealed ear canal design makes it where you can hear a low frequency thud every time your foot hits the ground.  For me, that ruined the listening experience, and it was irritating.  Even with the different sizes of rubber seals, they are fairly comfortable, but not great.This is the second time I have decided to go cheap instead of buying another popular brand for $99.  These don't work for me for running, and the sound quality isn't quite what I wanted.  For me, I think I need to pay the extra money.  These are pretty good for this price range, unless you are planning to use them to run (see above).  Some of the highs are a little absent, but I think it is probably quite a design task to reproduce the higher frequencies correctly on this sealed design without blowing your ear drums out.  For any use other than running, I consider these pretty good at this price range.  For comparison, I would just barely rate them better than the iPhone ear buds.
I like them they are good headphones for the price.  The wires are really flimsy tho... get tangled very easily
There is little to no bass, yes i inserted them into my ear properly and the highs are muffled? Apple earbuds are better dont waste your money please!
I don't exercise with these, so I can't comment on how well they stay in my ear for various physical activity.While walking though, they stay in very well and are comfortable. The sound quality is several times better than the stock Apple earphones.
It was time to replace an old pair of KOSS buds that had a great sound and excellent bass response. The Senns are good for the price point, they have a good bass response. However, the midrange levels are a bit tinny for me and tend to be a little over powering. Overall not too bad.
They sound good, good lows and mids, decent highs. Better for music with a lot of lows obviously, can strain under soprano lyrics in classical music unfortunately.
can't go wrong with these earbuds. great sound all around at a perfect price point. I wont bother writing up a review as many others have already done it. I am a audiophile and these meet my needs for what I use them for. Dont compare them to non-earbud style headphones. they are not similar by any needs. compare them to other earbuds. If you don't like earbuds in general then don't buy them. Buy over the ear headphones instead.
Sound is pretty good but I can't tell the difference between my skull candy buds that were half the cost. The friggin cord drives me nuts, as other have stated the right ear bud is longer so that you can drape the cord behind-the-neck as a safety feature".. well it's a stupid design and very frustrating. The only reason I use them is because I can't justify spending $$ and letting them lay around. They will be replaced hopefully sooner than latter.
Great sound, excellent value, couldn't judge the durability because none of the earbuds included would stay in my ear so I had to return.  A flat cord would be a plus.  Sound not equal to Klipsch S4's but hopefully these would have lasted longer.
I've owned Sennheiser earphones since 1975, always a good product. The newest headphones are terrific, in comparison to earbuds, all I can say is thank God for equalizers! Earbuds are good for travelling, light weight, easily stored in a pocket or purse and with the carrying case, won't get tangled with everything else. Haven't tried other brands, so can't compare low or high end to these buds. However, without an eq, these would be useless to me, they produce strong high end frequencies that can irritate your drums. And nearly every song needs to be tweeked to get rid of he raspy sound to blend a balanced mid range that fills up the normal listening range. Some songs have so much bass, they clip the buds creating, pops and buzz, with an eq, its controllable and eliminates the noise without turnng down the volume. Since this is the first time listening to  'good' earbuds, and Sennheiser claims these have 'Enhanced bass', again without an eq to boost the bass, I wouldn't even know it was there. I'll use them on flights to block out jet engine noise, but for casual listening, I'll stick with my HD428's for superior sound distribution.
I have purchased these headphones four times because they are absolutely amazing. I use them probably ~70 hours a week (rough use) so they hav ea tendency to have one side go out on me and I end up having to buy a new pair. The have an excellent price point for such an excellent set of headphones. Until i find something better for the price, I will continue to purchase these headphones. Sound is smooth and clear. Both highs and lows, and bass is amazing.
Awesome, as always. Bought time and time again, but usually after a good three years hard use, which is fine by me as they're really great and I expect things to wear with time.
They don't fit in my ears and keep falling out. It also has one cord longer than the other, so you need to wrap it around the back of your neck. Dissapointed
Yeah the bass part of these earbuds is no joke.  After listening to some dubstep my left ear started to hurt XD.  Anyways these are just great for the price, highly recommend.  Definitely an upgrade from the iHome earbuds i had.
its really good in quality and name is enough for sennheiser ear phones. liked the bass of the ear phones.
Bought these to replace a set of Ultimate Ears earbuds. I prefer the earbud style, the iPod type don't fit my ears at all. These fit snugly, and come with large and small earpieces for different sized ears. Sound quality is very good. I'm not an audiophile (and have high frequency tinnitus) and these suit me just fine, with pretty solid bass response.The plug has a right angle orientation which is actually nice, as it creates a shallower profile against my phone. Right and Left are clearly visible as silver print on a black background.I was a bit puzzled as to why the wire to the right bud was so much longer than the left. Quick Google search informed me that the right one is designed to go around the back of your head. Seems a little odd, but isn't a problem once you get used to it.Shipping was fast, as usual.
I have tried & returned countless ear buds over the past few months (including Bose, Klipsch with bass boost, JLab, Sony, and ME Electronics) and have FINALLY found the perfect sound - not too much treble, just enough bass to sound rich without drowning out or thumping through non-R&B songs, and the perfect level of noise isolation without the ear buds being so large that they start to hurt the inside of my ears after wearing them for more than a half hour. Love, love, LOVE these!
great sound and with the smallest ear adapter (have extra small ear canals) they stay in my ears while exercising on the stationary bike or treadmill.  The cord length is more than adequate plus the different length (left ear cord is shorter than the right) for the ear pieces  works well. This was a great buy for my needs - I am very satisfied. Thanks Amazon!
I have tried & returned countless ear buds over the past few months (including Bose, Klipsch with bass boost, JLab, Sony, and ME Electronics) and have FINALLY found the perfect sound - not too much treble, just enough bass to sound rich without drowning out or thumping through non-R&B songs, and the perfect level of noise isolation without the ear buds being so large that they start to hurt the inside of my ears after wearing them for more than a half hour. Love, love, LOVE these!
great sound and with the smallest ear adapter (have extra small ear canals) they stay in my ears while exercising on the stationary bike or treadmill.  The cord length is more than adequate plus the different length (left ear cord is shorter than the right) for the ear pieces  works well. This was a great buy for my needs - I am very satisfied. Thanks Amazon!
These headphones are well worth the cost. Perfect fit, great sound, and a great quality for the price point. 5 stars.
I got these as a decent pair of ear buds at a decent price.  I don't listen to a ton of music so i figured these would fit the bill. All in all I used them for 2 hours or so a week for 3 months, and they've crapped out.  No physical damage. Just no music through the speakers. You can do worse than these ear buds for 30$, but I strongly recommend you try to do better.
I needed something for work and this worked quite nicely. Pretty good bass and clear sound. I can see why these rate so well on amazon.
These earbuds have outstanding bass response, deep and convincing.  The highs are crisp and clean.  It captures all the drama fine, but the midrange is unrealistically recessed in relation to the bass and treble, especially at moderate volume and above, so capturing all of the vocal magic requires cutting back a bit on the bass and lower treble to restore a realistic balance for these buds to really shine.  In its un-equalized state, it's like the buds are determined to be overdramatic and over-act. :DThis is somewhat nit-picky because it's easier to EQ down something that's  too present (too much bass and treble here) than to try to boost components that are missing, possibly because the device can't produce any more.The passive noise reduction is pretty good too.  Don't expect miracles but they do allow listening at lower volumes in noisy environments, which can save your hearing in the long run. NR effectiveness is somewhat a function of choosing the correct size ear cups and ensuring a tight seal is formed.  Don't be afraid to fiddle with the fit if it isn't forming a tight seal.I'd give this 5 stars because of the excellent sound.  After tweaking with EQ, these buds far exceed my expectations for an inexpensive pair of earbuds.  For under $50, it's a steal.  Would recommend to anyone.
Some may love these Sennheiser ear buds as the sound quality is really quite good for the price, but personally I can't stand using them for two reasons:- The perfectly round buds won't stay put in my ear, which is a serious problem with in-ear noise isolating buds like these that need a good tight seal to deliver great sound.- The asymmetrical cord is a huge hassle, with the shorter left wire constantly jerking on the left ear bud (breaking the seal and thus ruining the sound) and the long right wire getting caught on things.  I've never liked this cord design and wouldn't have purchased the buds if I knew they had the short/long wire setup.So for me these buds are killed by the form factor, not the sound quality.  A shame.  If you like round buds and can live with asymmetrical short/long cords, these may be a good purchase for you.  If you think not, check out the Klipsch S3 or S4s, which I found to be *far* superior both in sound quality and form factor.
The sound is excellent but the build quality is terrible. The ear buds are glued together and it easily falls apart. After about 2 months of mild use there was no sound coming out of one ear bud and it later broke. I don't know if there was something specifically wrong with mine but I would exercise caution when buying them due to the cheap build quality.
My beats broke (which i LOVED).. these are a close comparison.  I've had some Bose before, and while i'm still in the first 100 hours of listening, so they are not fully broken in, i think they are great. Great base (could be better).  The only thing i do not like, is the fact that if they are turned up loud, you can hear them from the outside. I do not like this, because i work in an office and dont need other people hearing my "TURN DOWN FOR WHAT?"
For general listening, these are good enough, however I'm picky with my sound as I use higher quality over the ear headphones all day.  These have a lower output of bass and cut the mids a bit too.  I'm not a fan of them, but they work for when I'm on the plane traveling.
They are less neutral than I was hoping for. Don't get me wrong, the sound is very, very good, but the mids are a bit hollow compared to my HD580s. I guess my expectations were probably too high for sub $100 earbuds.
Very good earbuds. The best that i have ever had! For this money you can't get anything better. They are even better than much more expensive earbuds.
I bought these earbuds because I had such a great experience with an older Sennheiser product (PX-100) which were fantastic. A year ago I neded to replace my old Sennheiser earphones and picked a Sony model based on price and review. Recently I felt flush and decider to buy another pair of ear music devices and saw the Sennheiser CX 300 II with a great price and great reviews so I went for it.I received my order and was expecting and excited to hear better sound from these earbuds than my old Sony playing (primarily) classical, electronica and pop music. Wow, was I wrong. At best, they are tinny. Where did all the great reviews come from? Did Sennheiser cost reduce their design and think the buying public wouldn't notice? I would not buy these again. Keep looking.
The price is right and the sound quality is above average in my estimation, but yes, its the asymmetrical lengths that got me too in the end.  Thinking that those who complained that they were poorly designed weren't allowing themselves to get used to wearing them a little differently, I was like, "yeah these feel good!  I was right!". Unfortunately, after a few weeks, I began realizing that movement in general and especially head movement left and right begins to catch the wires across your shoulders (collars, seams of shirts). Its really starting to drive me nuts.Also, the wire is average length I believe, but for me was a half foot too long.. Im 6 foot so I can imagine a shorter person having to stuff extra in their pocket for sure..
I've had my Sennheiser CX300II earbud set for a little over a year. I bought it at the recommendation of my room mate and the AMAZING sale that Amazon had at the time. At first I was extremely disappointed. I had not expected a wrap around the neck right ear bud nor the apparent lack of bass. However, since then, I have used them almost daily and I now have nothing but good things to say about them. The wrap around style helps keep the cord out of my way, as I often wear them while doing homework or working. The lack of bass is made up for by the AMAZING sound quality and sound stage that I have only found with Sennheiser, and they are EXTREMELY durable. I find myself forgetting to check my pockets often, and I've now sent these babies through the washing machine twice. Both times they have come out no worse for wear outside of being incomprehensibly tangled. They still sound, fit, and work great. If I had ever doubted Sennheiser and their line of products, this last cycle washed all doubts away. I will never buy anything but Sennheiser.
I love these headphones. i am not a nitpick so i have had no problem using these headphones when running. The sound quality and noise cancellation works wonders on the NYC train (complete noise isolation!!). i have not had any issues in keeping the ear buds in place when sweating and running. However, i was pretty upset when it stopped working after five months of use. It does have a two year warranty so i sent it back directly to Sennheiser and received a new pair within two weeks.
at this price range these buds are great.  I've used all kinds of earbuds over the years and I destroy them quick.  These seem like they will hold up for a while.  My only issue is the rubber ends, none of the sizes really make a good seal with my ears, this is pretty common with all earbuds though, some of the brands have great tips but sub-par sound, some have horrible tips and good sound, the CX3300II is in the latter group.  If you pair these up with some nice aftermarket tips like the comply tips they sound a lot better.
I would have rated a 4 for the first month. Great sound, really comfortable.  However, literally one week after the deadline for returning, the right earbud stopped working.  Ironic and very disappointing.  I am going to have to look for a replacement, and not this one.
Hi, I am wearing this headphones for last 8 years. I absolutely love them. Usually, they work for 2-3 years of active use. Sound is amazing for the money. Highly recommended!
these sound better than a lot of buds i have tried - the cord is insufferable though. i never understood the 'one side longer than the other' idea - its dumb. if there is not a mic and there is no chance that you will use them as an interface to talk with there is just no excuse for this. As most cords on ear buds, these make noise when you bump them when doing any physical activity - A LOT of noise, more than most. rule these out for jogging for sure.
You get famous Sennheiser quality German engineering in these full range high fidelity stereo earbuds.  The bass is terrific if you make sure the buds are snugly fitted in your ear canals. They come with three different sizes of silicone cushions to fit various ear canal sizes. They are comfortable enough to sleep with them in place. I enjoy listening to my favorite music while going to sleep. Another advantage of this type of ear bud is that they block out external sounds. This is great for listening in noisy environments, including in bed if your partner snores.However, I cringe when I see people riding bikes or jogging with earbuds in because they can't hear impending sounds of danger, like an approaching car. In California it's a violation to operate a vehicle while wearing headphones of any sort that cover or block both ears.These buds feature the asymmetrical wire design that throws some people off if they have never used them.  The longer wire passes behind the neck to the right ear, and the shorter one goes to the left ear.  This has the advantage that the weight of the cord is not left totally hanging from the two ear buds but is supported by the wire behind the neck. Another advantage is that you can take the buds out and leave them hanging, supported by the wire behind the neck.I have used this type of Sennheiser bud for several years, though not always the same exact model.  I have found that despite the surprisingly thin and light wires, they are well designed to hold up well.  Mine typically last between one and two years of daily use.
Sennheiser CX 300 II Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds are a great bang for your buck. All sounds low, mid and hi are well represented. The bass is there but not overwhelming. It's not the best sound in the world but it's noticeably different than cheap headphones you'd get for $10. I don't want to say that the earbuds are uncomfortable but they are not the most comfortable fit I've had had with earbuds in the past. I'm not a fan of the one short, one long wire for earbuds but that's just a personal preference. All in all, great headphone and because of the price you won't feel horrible for inevitably breaking, losing, or letting a friend borrow indefinitely.
They sound great, the bass is good but not overpowering or flashy. Would recommend to anyone looking for a good pair of buds that aren't too expensive.
Good sounding headphones, did not realize the right earpiece is longer than the left and I do not like that feature about them.
love these ear buds if only it had a microphone. love it brilliant sound louder than i expected. thank to youtube there the ones told me to try these
First I think it is important to note that the Sennheiser CX 300 II have been faked and sold by many for years now.  I have a feeling that most of the negative reviews of these headphones is a result of someone being an unfortunate recipient of a pair of these that were not authentic Sennheiser ear buds.  I have a hard time believing that anyone could listen to these and have anything negative to say about them.  On to my review...As much as I loved the Klipsch Image S4 ii headphones,  I have to say these really do have a FAR superior sound than the Klipsch. the comparison of the two is like when you dont have your headphones plugged in all the way and then you discover this and push the plug all the way in and its sounds so much fuller, and more complete.  the Klipsch have great bass,  and highs,  but the middle is very much absent in the Klipsch.  These hit the mark perfectly in low, mid, and highs.Also, the Klipsch never seemed loud enough and  I thought that my phone was the problem.  I was looking into headphone amplifiers,  but after using the Sennheiser CX300 II this is no longer an issue.  Its plenty loud.  Just a great purchase overall.They also stay in my ears unlike the Klipsch that I constantly have to push back into my ears while at the gym.I guess the only real drawback to these is the cord noise,  which is going to be the case with any of this type of in ear headphone.I just dont see a better purchase at this price point.  Just make sure you are getting an authentic pair of Sennheisers!  There are tons of fakes out there!
I listen to headphones and earphones a lot, and have a very well trained ear, working in pro audio for several decades.  I was hunting for small earphones I can use with portable devices, on planes, and when lying down.  these are small enough to lie on, and the fit is pretty good, though getting a tight seal was difficult.  I solved the problem with a pair of Comply Foam Tips, improved on the isolation, and get a reliable seal.But the real task was to find neutral, pleasant, and honest sounding earphones.  I'd been buying Sennheiser M50i sets for a few years, kept breaking them, repairing them, breaking them, and replacing them.  Probably bought 5 pairs.  I wanted something that was built better, and these seem a bit more robust.  The cord quality is much better.  They don't have the mic an button the M50i has, and frankly, the are a little more boosted in the mid range, but not too bad.  Audyssey Amp makes these world class, if you can use it.It remains to be seen how well they last, but so far, I like them a little better than the M50i and WAY better than the Shure SE315 and SE215, which I tried and reviewed here as well.
The sound quality is great but the asymmetrical cord tends to be awkward for any type of exercise or activity one moves constantly during.
Ordered these for husbands' birthday, he grumbled as he opened them (as he hasn't had good luck with ear buds).  He LOVES them, especially because he can REMOVE the rubber ear protectors and they STAY in his ears.THANKS FOR OFFERING THESE GREAT EAR BUDS :-)
The sound is clear had them for a few months still brand new...comes with a nice leather pouch so dont get tangled or lost
Ordered these for husbands' birthday, he grumbled as he opened them (as he hasn't had good luck with ear buds).  He LOVES them, especially because he can REMOVE the rubber ear protectors and they STAY in his ears.THANKS FOR OFFERING THESE GREAT EAR BUDS :-)
The sound is clear had them for a few months still brand new...comes with a nice leather pouch so dont get tangled or lost
They are durable and have great sound quality. He researched them and is very happy. It would have been nice if they came with more ear pieces though.
I tried these after getting strong recommendations from two different friends and have not been disappointed! I highly recommend them.
Good Buds. clear sound reproduction for music and talk. I would reccommend these to anyone who wants good sound reproduction.
very good sound . ear fit is very good .....i cant keep making up words to tell how much i like the ear budes
I have owned a few different pairs of buds from the very bass-heavy like "Soul" by some hip hop artist, to some Sony's that were supposed to be decent and well balanced but ended up being very disappointing.  I am so glad I took a chance on these ear buds! I wasn't sure just because of the price being so low and affordable for a decent pair of in-ear's, but pleasantly surprised is a big understatement. I listen to a lot of bass-heavy tunes, but I also listen to stuff like Cold Play, Ed Sheeran, and other alternative pop/rock so I absolutely don't want a pair of headphones that drown out the rest of the spectrum with too heavy and overbearing low frequencies. These fit the bill very nicely! I'm sure you could spend a few hundred dollars more and get better headphones, but I'm confident you wont find better in-ear headphones for under $100 that can offer the incredible lows that these things produce while delivering very clear mids and highs. Only reason I knocked off a star is, if your excising or doing some really physical activity I have to re-position the buds in my ears somewhat frequently. There are remedies for this though such as aftermarket foam tips..I personally do not like the foam tips I think they absorb to much sound reducing the quality of the music, but a good option if your running for sure. I've owned these buds for awhile now, at least 6 months and they just seem to get better and better. Buy these!! You will not be disappointed.
Good item for the price. Nothing crazy amazing but the seem to be reliable and good sound quality a can cancel out some outside noise better than some other generic apple headphones. *Note that the lengths of the wires connecting the left and ride earbuds to the center cable, the right side is about twice as long. I am not sure why, maybe they want it so the cable to rest behind you neck instead of dangle in front of it which has never been an issue for me. Overall they seem like nice headphones for me, don't do out and buy the fancy version, the $20 pair of these work just fine. I trust other people on here that seem to praise the sound quality and I am happy with the purchase overall.And since they were only $20, who knows - maybe I will invest in another new pair of earbuds and compare the two in a few months time. I sure wish larger over the ear (bose type) were highly acceptable in the office setting. At least where I work small and discrete is the only way you can go. Oh well, good purchase. 4/5.
The Bass in these headphones are SWEET!!!  However there is 2 Cons to these badboys.  1. the wrap around wire is kinda annoying. & 2. the high end is not as crisp as i would like it to be.This is the best bang for your buck!
After hearing a friend rave about these headphones, I decided to order a pair for myself.The different earbud sizes were great, they fit my ears and drowned out noise. However, the pair I received died within 2 hours of use - audio only coming out of one earbud. Amazon replaced the product immediately and without hassle.The 2nd pair lasted about 3 uses before the same problem occurred. However, it waited to do so until I was outside the period of returning the 2nd set of headphones.Reliability sucks, and the audio quality isn't any better than a pair of Sony headphones I've had for about a year and a half that are still going stron.
Cord is at least 8" too long. For me earbuds are portable this cord is extremely long and gets caught on everything. I'm not the biggest guy but I imagine that its too long for the average person (5 foot cord buy my estimates). They also designed the L and R buds (right cord is at twice the length of the left) with different lengths and this causes all the weight to go on one ear and the other chord ends up curling and looks really dumb. You cant adjust when the cords meet up to fix this. Extremely frustrating product. I hope this saves someone else the pain I have gone through.Also had issues with them sealing in my ear which feels very weird. Have not had this problem with any previous buds.Oh they sound great for 30$.
My favorite earbuds ever. Plus the warranty is the bomb. I had these fray on the cord and one ear stopped working. Forgot all about it for a few months and got a new pair. Then I remembered and I had a month left on the warranty. Sent it in and received a brand new pair!Sennheiser has a great customer support and Warranty!!
I was very disappointed in the quality of these earbuds. Bass quality was way lower than expected. I also didn't care for the way they fit into my ears.  I usually buy my earbuds from Radio Shack but had read a lot of promising reviews on these so thought I'd try them.
These headphones right out of the box feel extremely cheap And look like you could get them on a clearance isle at the dollar store. Another major issue is that one headphone wire is extremely shorter than the other, making the headphones look like they were cut off And re attached 3-5 inches shorter than the other headphone. Another issue is that the headphones are very small And are hard to put in your ear. However, the sound of the headphones are good And the bass is great. The price was cut down 7% after a while And the package arrived 4 days earlier than expected. I wouldn't recommend these, unless you need headphones ASAP.
I've had these headphones for a few weeks now. I use them at work and while I'm at the gym. In both places they work extremely well. The cord doesn't prove to be a hassle at all, and the sound is crisp and clear. The ear pieces fit snugly without causing discomfort over time.At this price, I am very satisfied. If you are looking for good headphones in the $30-$50 range, I can't recommend these enough.
In short, the CX 300 II's  are terrible.  Lots of hiss and static.  I bought these to replace an el-cheapo set of Plantronics headphones but playback through Plantronics is far superior.If these cost less than $8 maybe... but at $34 they are way over priced for the quality
I have owned a pair of Sennheiser  CX 300 earbuds for the last two years.  They are phenomenal ear buds for those who love to hear the low end bass notes however this second pair that I just bought while delivering a great sound do not have the same wire gauge thickness.  The wire is so small I am expecting them not to be as durable as my older pair.  I use mine to listen to music when I work out at the gym and I will catch the wire on a piece of equipment once or twice a month. I'm concerned that this new set of earbuds will rip all too easily for as thin as they are.  Hope I'm wrong if they ever get snagged on something.
I bought this to replace the cx300-b's that I broke.  the cx300-b is discontinued and by the model number and price these seemed liek their successor.  The sound is good but not as good as my old cx300-bs
Maybe my ears are just too big or I'm too critical but every pair of in-ear earbuds I try sound like tinny junk. If I use the largest fitting and fiddle with the position in my ear, I can get these to sound okay and perhaps that's all I should expect from sub $50 earbuds. I've never usedany high-end earbuds so I don't know if its even possible for in-ear earbuds to work well for me. These and the Klipsch PK line just don't work for me. I was trying to replace my Yuin PK3s which I lost and I wanted something that would stay in my ear better while working. I should have stuck with PK3's which sound much, much better (for me at least). If fitted properly, maybe these buds work well for some people but they're just so harsh on the highs, devoid of mids, and weak on the lows. It doesn't matter what I listen to (orchestral, jazz, classic rock, pop, etc.) I'll go back to the PK3s for working around the house (and my Grado SR125s for "sit-down" listening).
Honestly, I wasn't expecting that much. My son hijacked my last set of ear buds and I needed a new pair. I really wasn't looking to spend an arm and a leg; so, I thought I would try to find a pair from a well known manufacturer for a decent price. I personally think I hit the jackpot. Sennheiser has been making headphones forever and has a good reputation in that department and I have a pair of Sennheiser wireless headphones I use for watching TV (see my other review) and really liked the sound and quality. So, I bought these and thought they would be OK. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that they were amazingly musical. No, they don't have the bass of a subwoofer but if you expect that from ear buds ... well ... you know. At any rate, they reproduce the music you're familiar with exactly as you remember it. Personally, that's all I can ask.PS. There is the thing about the left ear bud cord being a bit shorter than the other one. Most of the time that's not a issue when you're listening and besides it makes it really easy to tell which is which even without your glasses.
Really good quality, I thoroughly enjoyed them. They lasted a week before my sisters stupid guinea pig ate them :/
Separation of channels is not perfect, but Bass response is good, and for the price the overall sound quality is great. Certainly beats any 12 buck Sony earbuds I have been using so far.The fit is great, and it's comfortable even when you are sleeping on the side with them in your ear. Directing the right earbud behind your neck (rather than the wires meeting in front of you) may take some getting used to, but it does really help especially if you are doing work around the house or in a workshop, my headphone wire don't get caught on stuff anymore.The wires are some sort of soft silicone-y material that does not harden in cold climates (like PVC does), but they still tend to get tangled up in your pocket, so not perfect. The earbud drivers are 17.3 and 17.1 Ohms total as seen from the jack, and the wire inside the insulation is very very thin stranded wire strengthened by strands of silk.
I got the CX 300 II in the end of October after some research. The sound I great, the bass is what I expected and the over all build was what I wanted.  Used them manly for work in the office so very little stress, I thought i found the perfect ear buds that would last over 6 months. But alas it was not meant to be just as the Bose ones before it they did not last. The right side stopped working and with no visible kinks on the cord; I am perplexed how just a day before they worked great. Time to try another brand hopefully they can make it a year.
I own several brands of earbuds but my 2 favorite pair are the CX200 and these CX300 II. The 300's are really sharp and clear with bass thats ok. When i first started using them I thought they were almost too bright but I think that's largely due to the CX200 being so bass heavy. If they hold up as long as my CX200's i'll be a happy camper.
I love these earbuds.  I like a lot of bass in my music and these sound great without any distortion.  I'd definitely recommend these.
Terrific value, great bass sounds, these are wonderful earbuds. I recently took these earbuds, instead of my larger noise canceling earphones, on an overseas trip, and was really happy with how well they performed.  Great buy.
My v moda buds which i think were great just started shorting out so i gave these buds a try they are better than the v modas imo the separation is suberb and they are much more clearer sounding while giving up a tiny amount of bass if any at all i'm sure these will only get better after break in the key to these in ear buds are the fit no matter how well they sound and for some reason they fit better than the v modas never working their way loose on me try em i think you will like them!!!
I love these so much more than clunky huge headphones. They're about a million times better than the cheap white buds that come with ipods. They block everything out and nobody else can hear what you're listening too.
for this price, i was expecting a lot more.compared to other earbuds on amazon, for the same price, the quality is not even close. seriously.i mean these are not the worst earbuds on the planet, so i'll give it 2 stars instead of one, but for this price - i feel ripped off. (i bought 3 different earbuds on the same day, just test, and these were the poorest quality)
Nothing to complain about these earbuds. Sennheiser quality sound. The pouch is a big big plus to carry around for travel.
These headphones are awesome. The sound was amazing and the noise cancellation that they provided was beyond expectations. I just wish they had lasted. Bought them in December and by March the cable for left ear frayed. Not sure if I want to purchase them again.
The quality of sound is great, and the fit of the buds is also nice, and you have options.The unfortunate part about these is that the cable is such junk you might as well not buy them. It's about as thin as a toothpick, fragile and one side is longer than the other (which I understand has a purpose) making it really uncomfortable to use. They're always falling out of one ear due to the unequal length, or getting hooked on my arm as I walk, or getting stuck in a zipper. It's just a poor design all around. Had the cable been different, I'd give it 5 stars.
I have 3 pairs of these, 1 I use and 2 in reserve.  They have excellent sound and the take well to equalization.  If you like thumping bass and clear highs these are the ticket.  If you like jazz, classical, etc, you can easily dial down the bass and adjust the middle and top a bit for more "flat" listening.  They have a high SPL rating so they'll play loud with not so powerful sources, and the bass will having you looking around for the subwoofer.  I can drive these to incredible levels with my Nuforce uDAC 2 and they play loud and clear.  I could take or leave the uneven cable lengths.  The added carry case comes in handy, and if you take care of these they will last a long time.  My first pair is 2 years old and I use them a lot.
Satisfied with sound quality, good headphones, case is necessary thing, its a good buy for its price I think so.
It's a decent pair of earphones for the price I paid. They are not as loud as my Klipsch s4, but still not bad. They have a weird fit on my ear, but overall a good product.
As many other reviewers noted, the wires are extremely noisy. As they brush against your clothing or each other they create a very disturbing interruption to an otherwise nice sounding set of earbuds. They buds themselves fit nicely and do a good job of blocking out your noisy cube neighbors.
If these had been at the retail price I'd given them one star. If they'd been $12 earbuds I'd have given them three. On the low registers, these sound quite good, but when the treble comes in they are screechy. I'm quite generous in my ratings, but these are a definite do not buy! Not willing to pay a lot for earbuds or headphones, I'll stick with my Apple earbuds. They are not perfect, but for the money, they do a nice job. I do not work for Apple or any retailer, no do I have anything against Sennheiser.
These sound better than the beats headphones I threw away (which was why I needed them to begin with). I know that there are likely better sounding headphones and more durable headphones...but for the money...these perform extremely well.
love them!!! great purchase//// have ordered more. great sound purchased mainly for warranty. will hopefully not need to use it
I love Sennheiser products because of their great sound and long lifespan. These pairs were just as great sounding as the other Sennheiser earphones that I have used but I was disappointed to find that these pairs only lasted 7 months (which is still pretty long compared to other brands) until one side of the earphones stopped working. However, for its price, I believe I got my money's worth.
I know people that are experts, I am not one of them. that being said omg the sound out of these puppies is awesome!!! I first got them out of the package and ho hum they fall out nothing special.. but changed the ear bud size and they fit perfect.. no fall out and room noise limited.. then the music came... oh my.. nice bass, full range of sound.. I couldn't  wear them for work because they are too perfect.. I was  scared I would ruin them.. sweat and dust.. answer.. buy a second pair.. and that's why I only gave them 4 stars.. I was forced to buy a second pair... damn Sennheiser.. they got me addicted. oh and by the way I wear mine for work now, no problems the second pair are still in the package. and if you ask do I recommend these to others.. no need .. I just say try these.. and they are sold... there is a reason they are one of the top ten ear buds.. even a smuck like me can tell the difference .
Ok, to be fair, I'm really picky.  With that being said, these ear buds are uncomfortable.  I don't think the sound quality is all that great.  Now, I know for some, paying $40 or whatever I paid for these ear buds isn't a lot - and I agree.  But when a pair of $8 Sony ear buds are more comfortable and about the same sound quality that's a problem for me.  I wanted to like these, but I couldn't.  I tried to give them to a friend when her ear buds crapped out on her at work one day - and even she returned them to me and told me they were terrible.  My suggestion - go with something else.  These aren't worth it.
The sound was horrible with the original rubber ear pieces. It sounded a little better when I used the largest ones but not much.  I found that if I pressed them into my ear and held them there the sound was great so it seems to be more as issue with the fit than actual sound quality.I also do not like the fact that the cable on one ear bud was twice as long as the other and the wire seems cheap and tangle prone.I would not recommend these phones.
The packaging for the earbuds was the first problem, by the time I got it open I'd flung some of the extra tips across the room. Typical terrible electronics packaging, but then they decided to glue and tape things together on top of it.Aside from that, They claimed to have "noise isolation", which was very overstated. Nowhere near the noise isolation I'm used to from more canalphone styles.Top it off with the earbuds sounding tinny, and you have one very dissatisfied customer.
I love these ear buds, both my fiance and myself own a pair.I listen to every genre of music regularly, these are what I like to throw in my pocket when I know there will be downtime because of their small size and sleek covenient travel pouch.sound:These have a very good tone to the sound they put out,  im not going to falsely advertise these as a high end headphone with "crystal" clear highs. The bass is not overpowering, but still very strong and very responsive ,  below 100hz, and even below 60hz. Although you'll get more thump from $20 skullcandys, the bass is very muddy in comparison and i would feel its 20 dollars wasted compared to these. Everything in between the lows and highs comes through these headphones wonderfully as well. I've never been able to hear any distortion from these, no matter how heavily I push them. And that reliability is my personal #1 thing to look for in a headphone because that means it will continue to perform just like they did on day one throughout the years. For the price, the sound is outstanding to say the least but if you're  a teenager looking for nothing but pure muddy bass,  just buy some cheap skullcandys.Durability-im in then United States Marine Corps Infantry. Purchased these before my first deployment,  now I'm currently on my 3rd. Nuff said. Ie, if you manage to break these, consider yourself very irresponsible.  I cant count the number of times ive taken these to the field, or accidentally washed them.... theyre tougher than they lookoverall, this is an awesome buy, great, reliable, durable on-the-go headphones. I give 4 stars bc they could always be louder, clearer and cheaper but I definitely recommend
I like it very much. Music became more beautiful. When I put it in my ears I felt it comfortable.
Excellence sound response in all the right frequencies. High quality earphones for price value. Can't go wrong with these earphones.
These headphones have excellent sound quality and the bass is phenomenal. The ear buds conform great to the ear and are very comfortable. Durability is great compared to a pair of Sony headphones that only lasted me 1 month.
Cord is at least 8" too long. For me earbuds are portable this cord is extremely long and gets caught on everything. I'm not the biggest guy but I imagine that its too long for the average person (5 foot cord buy my estimates). They also designed the L and R buds (right cord is at twice the length of the left) with different lengths and this causes all the weight to go on one ear and the other chord ends up curling and looks really dumb. You cant adjust when the cords meet up to fix this. Extremely frustrating product. I hope this saves someone else the pain I have gone through.Also had issues with them sealing in my ear which feels very weird. Have not had this problem with any previous buds.Oh they sound great for 30$.
My favorite earbuds ever. Plus the warranty is the bomb. I had these fray on the cord and one ear stopped working. Forgot all about it for a few months and got a new pair. Then I remembered and I had a month left on the warranty. Sent it in and received a brand new pair!Sennheiser has a great customer support and Warranty!!
Ssennheiser is synonym of quality, Amazing sound for such small buds, recommended for daily use in outdoors, basses are good.
I love Senns. I actually own some HD650 and the RS120s.  I needed some easy travel earbuds and got these.  They sound great, but I just couldn't get used to how deep they go in the ear.  They work fine for what they do, but not my preference.
on a low quality budget.  Very solid sound.  Nothing negative to report.  You wont find anything better for around 20 bills.
I was always buying those $10-15 earphones and they would always break after a month or two, so I finally decided to spend a little more on a more substantial pair and I'm so glad that I chose these! What I really like about them is the noise-isolation they provide.
Awesome pair of in ear headphones, awesome quality, bass sounds amazing and it doesn't overwhelm the treb and mid at all. Highly recommend those who are looking at these and don't know whether or not to buy them, stop thinking and just buy them! Definitely worth it!
I chose two stars because of how poorly these are made... yes the sound is perfectly fine!... but the buds themselves are so tiny! I let a few of my friends try them on and they would not stay in anyone's ears. They would get gross and oily no matter how clear your ears were and they would push air into your ear making a clicking and uncomfortable pressure. I was really enthusiastic because of the price and how they sounded...but be aware! In my opinion these are a rip off. Spend your money on good quality and don't waste your money here........
It was so cheap and I loved it, the quality of the sound is so good, and the wire is just long enough for me to put it in my jeans pocket
good quality for the price. However, I own the in-ear $100 Bose set and those deliver much better bass. Otherwise, these are a great set of in-ear affordable pair.If you are looking for the best sound quality, go for the On-ear Sennheiser. I own a pair of the noise cancelling model and they sound way better than their Bose counterpart.
I use CX 300 mostly for running and sports.Buy a new pair every 2-3 years, usually one of the wires is broken or the connector.Once CX 300 were sold for about 20 $ and today the price is about 30 $ ...The new version has a different shape with silver logo, but feel the same (also the sound).The cable is different and now the connector has a plastic mold on it for protection.Also now it has a small black PU leather bag with a spring that keeps it close, it's usefull when you put the headphones there.I say if you find them at about 30 $ - it's a good purchase, I would get 2-3 pairs.If you get a discound find them at about 20 $ - buy a dozen, it's exelent for personal usa and as a present.BE CAREFUL , make sure you buy the original product and not a fake (MADE IN CHINA).
Response is good.  Great product for the price.  As a bass and keyboard player it works very well for both applications.
VERY GOOD PRODUCT
I have used the ear buds provided by Apple for iPods along with a few I purchased on my own.  I was in no way prepared for this sound experience.  It was incredible!  I can't speak for people that live for their sound systems, but regular users will not be disappointed if their buds work like mine!
These earbuds deliver a crisp, clean sound, and I was pretty surprised that they diminish background noise better than my Beats by Dre earbuds. My only complaint is that it does not enhance the bass. Other than that, I'm very satisfied with this purchase.
I use these when riding my motorcycle. I use a large full face shoei helmet and these earbuds fit in my ears perfectly with and without the helmet on. I'd recommend these to anyone who enjoys good sounding bass clear mids and great highs. And who likes to ride while listening to music.
stupid asymmetrical designbox states 19 - 21,000 Hz, Amazon description states 42 - 17,000 Hz. So which is it?cord makes noise
I went from Apple earpods, and these can't even compare.I bought these because I own a pair of Sennhesier 558's, and those rock. These things are just really terrible. The sound is muffled, bass heavy, and generally bad. Coulda spent 5 less and got another pair of earpods from Apple. Oh well.
These sound fantastic for the price. Sennheiser makes high quality products. They also come with a nice carrying case that keeps them from being damaged if put in bag or pocket.UPDATE:The right ear has suddenly stopped working. It says it has a 2-year warranty but I am not sure how to make a claim.
I listen to music while biking every single day.  These are my 4th pair of these headphones.  Normally they last me about a year before some of the wiring goes or I get them caught on my bike or whatever.  The sound on these is great and the fit is perfect.  I like these most because they don't give me the whooshing sound when biking.  Normally I get wind noise from earbuds but the profile on these is low enough that it isn't an issue.
These ear buds have a natural uncolored sound . They are not heavy bass or overly bright. just clean natural sound. I use the for watching movies with a media player. Great for dialog. works just as good for music. I wish the cord was the same length to each earbud..
Good bass background beatLoops around the neckMultiple earbuds to fit different types of earsOverall it sounds great
I can only seem to get any set of earbuds I buy to last for 3-6 months. That said, these are a good value and sound great.
My new pair of Sennheiser CX300 II earbuds do not sound good with a wide range of music or audio books.  The "S" sounds are harsh, and that sibilance is annoying.  I bought a cheap pair of JVCs at Wal-Mart to finish the week, that's how bad they were.The bass response isn't great.  The small soft case is awesome--perfect size and the metal spring mouth is secure without the hassle/tangling of drawstrings or zippers.  I'll use it with the next pair of earbuds I buy.I've had both better bass response and better sibilance with the cheaper Sony MDR-EX210B they tried to replace.  The Sonys didn't have the clearest mid-range, but I could wear them for hours without physical or audible discomfort.  Unfortunately, the EX210Bs fell and got drug the floor in a rodent-infested room.  I'm not putting them back in my ears no matter how I try to clean them.  Sadly, they don't seem to be available any more.  The search continues.
I've had a pair of Sennheiser HD 212 Pros for 10 years and am constantly amazed how well they perform at such a low-end price. I wanted some headphones that were a bit more discrete for daily professional use, so I chose these in-ear buds based reputation and reviews.Perhaps I am spoiled by other higher-end headphone purchases, but these didn't even match the quality of the stock ipod earbuds. They have decent bass, but at the expense of muddying the rest of the frequencies. I gave them some time to burn in, but still no improvement.If you just want a punch bass sound and aren't quite as concerned with soundstage, detail, etc., then I can see these being an OK purchase. Not quite what i was expecting though.
I would have given 5 starts but for some reason they made the wire on one side much longer than the other. Maybe good for someone 12 feet tall. But the sound is incredible.
These are some of the best headphones I've ever bought. I have lots and lots of different buds, but none come anywhere near the quality of these
Purchased this product about 4 months ago. About 3 months after purchase no sound would register out of the left ear bud. Two weeks thereafter it stopped working all together. Not worth the high price. Would recommend a cheaper product.
I am a religious Shure user, so when my set had to go in for warranty work, I bought the Sennheiser CX 300IIs to hold me over.  I am the type to do 2 days of research before I buy anything, these get great reviews-- and they deserve it.  Mids are decent and lows are very "solid" for this price point.  Highs aren't too shabby either.  They fit great, the "athletic" setup takes a little bit to get used to, but it works well.  I use my headphones everyday, these worked great for me.If you are using cheap earbuds or, god forbid, the free earbuds that came with your device, order these immediately.
I ordered these after doing a thorough search and reading reviews, plus my son has Sennheiser earbuds and likes them.  Well, these are ok.  I really wanted to love these but I don't.  I do like the different size options as they do stay put in my ear while on the treadmill.  I don't run but I do walk fast and this is where my problem lies.  As the chord moves with me I hear the movement in my ear and it drives me crazy!  I have tried repositioning the bud in my ear, moving my ipad, turning up the sound... I can not get it to stop.  I am watching video and not listening to music but I still shouldn't be annoyed by the sound.  I've actually gone back to wearing bulky headphones which I hate wearing when I'm sweating but the sound is so much better.  The earbuds thrown in with the ipad sound better than these do but I can't get them to stay in my ear.  Glad I didn't pay a fortune for these.
Is the best choice for someone search a cheap earbuds with a amazing bass, aren't bigger and colorful, are little and elegant for people that want good sound and not a "cool" stylish like the crap of beats audio.Comes with 3 pairs of buds (S,M,L) and a bag for save.A negative point is the package, a blister-pack and is hard to unpackage, spatially who love saving boxes products purchased.
These earbuds offer great sound quality for the price point. Not as nice as some of the over the ear cans I have, but for earbuds they're great. I love Sennheiser for their great quality and this product is no exception.
I have been a Sennheiser fan since the mid 70's and I always will be,these are very nice for the money and the sound is crisp and clear,nice bass very defined, excellent.
Bought it for a year. Hasn't broken down yet lol. The sound quality is ok. Come on, it's just $30 so can't expect it sounds like Beats. I know Beats is way too overpriced but honestly I like how their earphones sound cus it's more "real", compare to this CX 300 II, it sounds "warm", not "clear" and "real."
These are great earbuds. I also own a pair of HD555's and find myself preferring the Ear Buds at time due to the low bass response. I've put them through some good torture testing with an amp as well and they hold their own for how cheap they are.
After I purchased it , I won't  consider BEAT, BOSS etc... expensive headsetIt's sounds great and light, very easy to fit , I listen different kind music and I always travel ; I spent 3 hours minimum per week at airport; it's great staff.The only negative point: you need to take break after 1-2 hours ; otherwise, your ear fell uncomfortable due to it fit into inner ear when you use it. I am satisfy with quality and money I paid for...
Hands down the best ear buds! Bass is deep and the highs are crisp. Plus they fit into your ear and the ear pierce rubber is soft so it doesn't hurt your ears after 10min of using them. I own 3 pairs of them!
They sound fantastic, not as good as headphones, but you get what you pay for.  The two different lengthed cables didn't bother me, in fact i prefer this layout as opposed to the normal earbud layout.  Would buy again.
This earphones are not as as durable as I ever imagined, but the earphones come with the best warranty with great sound. After 3 months of purchase, the earbuds stopped working, so I requested a replacement. My earphones have been replaced in 3-4 days at no cost.
Sound is very good, just like you would expect from a Sennheiser product.  Please make sure you try them with all 3 sizes of earpieces that they provide even if you think you have a good fit right out of the box.  Most bad review of in ear monitors are from lack of bass which means you have a bad fit.  Once I had a good fit with the largest of the tips I found the sound to be very good, and much better than I'd expect from such a low priced headphone.We buy earbuds because they allow us to do things while listening, and this is where the Sennheisers fail.  The cable is very thin and very lightweight.  So much so that I found it getting caught on buttons and collars and anything I seemingly game within 3 feet of.  The fact that it is asymmetrical (left cable is shorter than the right) made the whole cable travel the left side of my body rather than the center which provided even more opportunity for the buds to be ripped from my ears as I got out of my car or reached for something.  Not to mention that I and the majority of people are right handed, but the cable wouldn't allow you to carry your audio source in your right pocket.  There is also a lot of microphonic noise from the cable so every bump and brush is relayed directly and loudly to your ears.I'll toss them in my briefcase for the airplane where their excellent isolation will be appreciated and my seated position should keep me from strangling myself with that crazy, ill-conceived cable.
Best quallity for this price, i have them for half year, and no problem, everyday they are in my backpack... verry good!
I am like many hardcore audiophiles: I want the best sounding ear buds for the lowest price.The Sonys are exceptional but not perfect. They have a few minor flaws: poor noise isolation (fine if you want to hear whats around you) and fit: my right one seems to come out easily. Sonys have a richer/ more spacious sound due to thier construction. They are only slightly lower in sensitivity: 108 dB (not noticeably)Pros of Sonys: freq resp: 12-22 kHz / huge 16mm drivers fr great bass / very inexpensive: I bought them here under $15 so demand has driven the price up. The price allows me to have several backup pairs in case of loss or a cord gets caught and only one bud continues to work.TECHNICAL DATA IS INCORRECT: SENSITIVITY: 19Hz - 21000HzThe Senns stay in snug but after a while you feel like your ears are plugged up (good for loud or distracting ambient noise)Great for working out. I also wear them when I ride my motorcycle: they stay in.I use the Koss VC20 to make fine adjustments to volume (also has a long crd) and it prevents wear on a device's volume control.Both Sonys and Senns are great values for the money. Yes I agree that you can spend hundreds more for slightly better sound but you will feel like a fool when you lose an expensive pair of buds or they are damaged.
The package arrived early so I was pretty happy about that. The whole reason I got the headphones was to have a pair to board around with, they don't slip while running and they sound great. love em
Over all these are pretty good - I purchased them after reading reviews online.  My main complaint is that they are a little weak in the bass range and the rubber cord tends to grab clothing (I've had buds with a plastic/smooth coating that doesn't grab cloth).
Like many other folks here, I've been through quite a few earbuds over the past few years, some cheap and some expensive.  I'd have to say that these ones are one of the best values I've come across.  Sure, there are better sounding sets out there, but at $30?  Not too many.  Sound is full and the bass is nice compared with some other small models.  A little tweaking on the EQ and they sound fantastic. They are also surprisingly comfortable; I've been able to wear them for hours at a stretch and not been bothered at all. The only negative I can come up with is that the wires seem pretty thin and I'm not sure how long it'll last.  If you are a little rough on your equipment, I'd take that into consideration.  Regardless, I recommend these highly if you're looking for quality sound at a great price.
Its a mystery how this product earned 5 stars from many customers. I promised you that this ears bud can't perform any better than Sony or JVC under $20 ears bud.  Everything sounds out of place.  Bass was so dam weak.  I dont even know why dd they bother calling it "Enhanced Bass"If your budget set at $30 try JVC HARX700 (price as of Mar/1/2014 @ Walmart $39 @ Amazon), .  http://www.amazon.com/JVC-HARX700-Precision-Sound-Headphones/dp/B0013OWPV4/ref=sr_1_3?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1396352191&sr=1-3&keywords=jvc+harx500Your ears will thank you for it.
Excellent head phones! Sounds quality great with the bass. Just like the other review stated not for running. Left ear side has a shorter distance than the right ear side which is almost 3x times the length. Got this through amazon wherehouse for a better deal
These ear buds produce pretty good sound. However I find them very delicate and don't expect them to last very long...that's why I'm giving them a rating of only 3. On the basis of quality and durability, I would not recommend the ear buds...but on sound quality I would recommend them.
Not sure why so many people complain about the bass enhancement; it's barely noticeable to me. Granted, I despise the unadjustable cord length. That's my fault for not reading the specs though. If you can get these for 30-40 bucks, well worth it. They help me survive the LIRR on a daily basis.
You can't beat these for the price.That being so, maybe these earphones aren't ideal for non bass punchy genres but, if rap, hard rock, etc is your thing, these earphones are perfect especially considering their price tag.
I have been a Sennheiser fan since the mid 70's and I always will be,these are very nice for the money and the sound is crisp and clear,nice bass very defined, excellent.
Bought it for a year. Hasn't broken down yet lol. The sound quality is ok. Come on, it's just $30 so can't expect it sounds like Beats. I know Beats is way too overpriced but honestly I like how their earphones sound cus it's more "real", compare to this CX 300 II, it sounds "warm", not "clear" and "real."
Almost as good sounding as my Sennheiser over the hear headphones. Love these for work as the buds isolate beautifully.
Besides my audiophile stereo system, I have a number of audiophile headphones–both in-ear and over-the-ear.These certainly aren't audiophile quality but they're sure really nice for certain situations like my iTouch or my bedside radio, neither of which can put out audiophile sound quality anyway, when I can't sleep at night and don't want to disturb my wife's sleep.For many people, the sound quality would be perfectly suitable and at this price, wow!I bought a bunch of them to put on all our computers and mobile devices.
I'm a big fan of Sennheiser. I've used their studio headphones for years. These are decent earbuds. Bass response is good without being too muddy or fart like. Hold up well and get good and loud.
While these certainly don't provide the best sound, I am impressed by the quality for the given price. These are great headphones to take to the gym or use for casual listening. The cords don't tear and generally don't get too tangled. The ear buds are comfortable and light.
This is my third sennheiser headset... owned a cx-300, a cx-500 and this one... they never fail to please my ears... highly recommended... truly a best buy product...
Buy this product a few months ago and only served for 2 months, I really do recommend the product and even covers I want to know if any warranty.
Its amazing.  I read many reviews and most of them stated very good sound.  Clear, crisp highs, smooth deep bass.  Yes the highs are there.  I like that.  Bass response is poor, beyond poor.  I purchased an inexpensive Philips in-ear headphone a while back and was totally blown away by the sound right from the start.  Never heard about having to burn in headphones, but before I send these back, I'll give them a chance.Update:  I forgot that ear bud size and placement is critical for these in-ear headphones.  I switched to the larger size ear buds, inserted these further in and I found myself inside a concert hall.  I compared these to the Philips headphone since I had also given one to my mother.  She hadn't used hers so they were still new, never used.  The sound from these are awesome too, but the Sennheiser has them beat in smoother reproduction, especially on the highs.  The highs on the Philips are harsh, almost hurt the ears where the Sennheiser is softer, but still clear and crisp.  Bass is good, no better than the Philips which is an older set and didn't advertise enhanced bass.  Overall sound is fuller with the midrange being reproduced better on the Sennheiser.  Not sure about this though as I prefer midrange to be muted a bit more.Build wise, the Sennheiser has thinner cords than the Philips and I do worry about the durability of the Sennheiser.  As far as length and one side cord being longer than the other, I didn't find either to be a problem.  Bottom line is for now these are a keeper, but it'll take just one little detail that I'm not happy with and these will go back.
bought it for my son's b-day ( gift list). He absolutely loved the j-cord (asymmetric design).  Sounds great. Definitely a good buy .
VERY GOOD PRODUCT
I have used the ear buds provided by Apple for iPods along with a few I purchased on my own.  I was in no way prepared for this sound experience.  It was incredible!  I can't speak for people that live for their sound systems, but regular users will not be disappointed if their buds work like mine!
saw prior reviews but was hopeful they had some redeeming quality.  The sound is phenomenal.  But, I have had these headphones about 2 1/2 weeks and R earpiece stopped working already.  Don't waste your money.
I was skeptical buying these earphones because of some of the negative reviews. I took a risk because I have Sennheiser Headphones and found them to be the most well rounded Headphones I ever heard. Enter this product, which I purchased over 3 months ago, and you have yet another amazing Sennheiser product. The bass is crisp, responsive, and powerful. The His, Mids, and Lows are all balanced in this bargain set of earphones so I would recommend this for any genre of music. For me, this is the gold standard for any set of earphones under $40.
I don't care about the sound quality of these buds, which are great.  The reason I bought it was for the K-shaped wire, which is incredibly handy to have on my morning commute in NYC.  being able to drape the wires around the back of my neck means i'm not constantly trying to tuck them behind my ear, or in a button, or in a pocket when I want to take them out temporarily to hear something or speak to someone.  I'll probably by 3 more just to stock up since these are so hard to find now.
Way better than BEATS! This and the JVC xx buds perform equal if not better compared to DRE's buds. Quality not hype!
These have the design where the cord is very short on the left ear. I have only seen this on mobile phone headsets and have no idea why Sennheiser would do that on a set of headphone without a microphone. It puts the cord pressure all on one ear and makes them very uncomfortable to wear. I assume it will also cause the left ear to short-out over time as other reviewers have noted. The cord is also very noisy and the sound quality isn't anything special IMO.
I'll be honest, these are not the best sounding earbuds I've ever used.  But they're probably one of the best sounding $35 earbuds I've ever used.  They don't have as much bass as I prefer, but I can deal with that.  I was looking specifically for a pair of earbuds with asymmetrical cords that wouldn't get in my way and annoy me while at the computer.
I was amazed at the bass level from such a small device.  They are comfortable and create a nice listening environment.
the very bust buds for under $100 got mine for 35ish. frequency response is very nice. bass present but not overkill. get these for metal and the s4's for rap/pop.
These earpbuds preform well enough for their price, I got them cheap ($20+) during the black friday sales. When I received them, I was totally disappointed, they performed worse than a standard apple earbuds. After reading some reviews online about requiring to break in I decided to run metal/hardcore music at 70% max volume for 24 hours to break in, the sound after that was a lot better. Having said that, I ordered these with a pair of SoundMAGIC E10 for my girlfriend, and for that price, I would go for the SoundMAGIC, it's like comparing Justin Beiber (Sennheiser) to Ed Sheeran (SoundMAGIC).
I used to have the previous version, and these in my opinion sound much, much better. and the passive sound isolation is so good that I don't really feel the need to buy Noise Cancelling Headphones (Sure,  I don't use them on airplanes). Great bass too.The ones I received are genuine. As before, to be safe I made sure to buy directly from Amazon  and not from other vendors. Great buy!
Better than Apple by a mile. I hav't tried more expensive buds to compare except $100 Bose buds from Costco. These are better for sound range.
Good sound quality for the price! Cord can get annoying when running and using the headphones though... Good sound isolation
I'm afraid I Have almost nothing good to say about this product!! Almost as soon as I received them,one earphone immediately stopped working altogether,for no apparent reason! I am certain that I did absolutely nothing to damage them. These earbuds,were also a little bit more exspensive then some of the other ones I've ordered,so for the things to half totally stop working almost as soon as I got them,is just intolerable. maybe,it was just a fluke,and this particular pair was totally flawed for some strange reason,but either way,I don't think I will ever order another thing from sennheiser again,if I can help it.  Because of my experience with these,I wouldn't recommend them to anybody.
Headphone jack broke within a few months, can't return it. This occurred after light use. The headphone jack seems to have a loose/broken connection, now cuts in/out frequently.
I was looking for replacement headphones after my Apple Earpods stopped working and a pair of Beats Tour that that broke. I was looking for two things:1) Good quality bass2) Comfortably while being wornFirst thing, I am NOT an audiophile. I just like being able to enjoy my music that's balanced and not just too much bass, too much mid or too high.To begin, the packaging is very simple to open. Once opened you will see the earbuds "stuck" in the plastic. After you have removed them you will have to further unbox the package and you will find a small bag for the earbuds and two more sets of difference sized buds.The first thing I noticed that wasn't in the description is that the right earbud wire is longer than the left one so one can wrap it around the back of the neck. This wasn't an issue for me but it would have been nice to know. When I started using them, I was pleased with the bass response that I got from the earbuds. It is well distributed for my taste. The bass also feels a bit stronger since the earbuds go into your ear canal and the vibration gives it a stronger feel.Overall I'm very satisfied with this product. I love Sennheiser products, second one I own. I will be updating for a couple of months of usage. I can see these lasting a long time, and the warranty that comes with Sennheiser products only makes this better.
The little bag it comes with is great, as it lets you carry them in your pocket without having to worry about it getting tangled up.
great stuff, my kids love the sound of these little suckers.  i love the price... cant go wrong with that
Great deep bass and easy comfortable fit. Didn't make my ears sore like other brands but after excessive use at the gym sometimes I get ear fatigue but not severe like before.  The right headphone cable is longer than the left which I didn't like at first but if you swing it behind your neck and over it keeps it from swinging wildly while you run. That became a great feature I didn't know id like. Comes with carrying pouch too.Highly recommended. I think they're better than beats at a large fraction of the cost too. Always loved sennheiser products for about 5 years now since day one. You won't be disappointed if you're a huge music buff like me or even an occasional listener.
I got these for 29.99 when they were originally marked at 79.99 and I couldn't be more pleased. Sadly I left them on the other side of the country when I went to visit family and I'm anxiously awaiting their return to me. These sound great and isolate noise perfectly, though they tend to fall out easily. Luckily I use them while stationary so this isn't a problem for me.
These headphones completely transformed my commute. No more train noise, no more irritating conversations from the people around me, no more insanely loud volume just so I can hear my music. They're comfortable, durable, and they sound great, even in high noise environments. If you're still using the headphones that came with your iPhone/iPod, you don't know what you're missing out on!
I have gone through many headphone, both in ear and covered. These are by far the most satisfying headphones in terms of sound quality, utility and overall ease of use. the relation between quality and price here is just... incredible.
After four years of abuse, my CX 300 earbuds (the version before the CX 300 II) began to fail in one ear - clearly a cracked wire near the plug since jiggling at that point caused intermittent signal loss.  I foolishly thought I'd "upgrade" to some Etymotics that cost over twice as much as the Sennheisers.  They sounded awful - ridiculous low-end roll-off and harsh highs and mids.  They were sent back the same day. Since the CX 300s were still being offered in the new "II" model, I decided they were worth another try.After receiving them and listening to some of my most challenging music (for earbuds to reproduce), I am firmly in the Sennheiser camp.  The CX 300 IIs are quite smooth across the whole audio spectrum with a slight boost clearly present below about 200Hz.  The increased bass response, thankfully, is not heavy-handed - probably about 2-3dB.  At lower volume levels, this sounds very natural - the sort of flat response I'd expect from my very excellent Sony MDRV6 over-ear headphones.  At higher volumes, the additional low frequency content is a little more noticeable, though not unpleasant.The soft tips (three sizes included) provide a pretty good seal for reasonable isolation.  I'd estimate you get roughly 20 dB of external noise reduction.  One trick I learned from using my prior CX 300s also works well with the new model since the earbuds themselves seem to be identical in shape and the cord enters the buds at the same location and angle... inserting the earbuds into the ear canal then rotating them so that the cords are exiting the ear UPWARDS (opposite of what you would normally do) allows the ear buds to sit in a more natural, fully sealed position in the ear since the cords are not pushing against the outer ear trying to pry the earbuds out.  This gives better isolation and further enhances the low and low-mid frequencies.Like every other set of in-ear phones I've used, cord noise is audible transmitted.  As the cord rattles around on a bike ride, jog, or walk, you will hear some "clunking" between songs or if you are listening at low volume levels.  This is just physics.  Not sure how it could be eliminated with this type of earbud.Considering the price and faithful audio performance, these are a no-brainer.
Have been using this model for over 5 years now.Am convinced these are the best mid-market ear-buds out there.I'm a heavy user, and have been using these both with my laptop and when exercising, with smth like 5-10 hrs/day average usage. With such a level of usage, it's important how well the headphones are built and how reliable they are.Tried iBeats - those lasted a couple months.Recently tried MEElectronics Sport-Fi M6 - those died after a week coz apparently they can't handle sweat getting on them.I recently bought my third pair of CX300II - previous two died after between year and two of usage.Apart from reliability, am completely satisfied with sound quality and comfort.
The thing I liked about the headphones was that it really does block out outside noise. However, when I listened to it, the sound was a bit static-like. I'm not sure if that was supposed to be like that or not but it just wasn't for me. Perhaps it is a good fit for others.
Sound quality is ok, treble is a bit too sharp. Design of the wire cable can be better, tangle up easily.An update on the review:After about 1 and half months' "run-in" of the earphone, the sound quality becomes finer, bass and treble become more smooth. Now I can give it a 3.5 to 4 stars rating.
I enjoy my CX 215's better.. but my wife preferred these over her CX 215's, so there you go.  To Sennheiser's credit (which no one seems to disclose -- likely because they're simply unaware of their condition), I have slight hearing loss in my mid-low tones, so earphones/equalizers that will allow me to compensate by filling in the surrounding frequencies that I -can- hear better, as well as upping those that I'm slightly deaf on, is my ideal setup.  The CX 215's allow me to do that better than these.. however, my wife, who does not suffer hearing loss at all, again, prefers these.  In either case, a good deal from a great company.
I picked these up never hearing of the company a couple of years ago after my $300 bose noise canceling on ears were worn out. These are so dope, I just bought another pair to replace the ones my cat chewed through. the no tangle wires, noise reduction (which, at a decent level, I sat on a 10 hour flight with a guy playing the bongos next to me and never heard them till I had to turn it off for landing), and it never costs more than $50?! I have used top of the line bose, sony and Panasonics, I have tried beats and skull candy, and pond for pound, sennheiser is the best. The sound isn't as crisp as the >$300 headphones, but again, all things considered these are great. they will slip out if you move about a lot, so not ideal for active wear, but for long flights or at school or something, you cant beat it.
These earbuds sound great with my iPod, and you can't beat the price. You have to make sure the buds are properly seated in your ear for maximum sound.
Better than Apple by a mile. I hav't tried more expensive buds to compare except $100 Bose buds from Costco. These are better for sound range.
Good sound quality for the price! Cord can get annoying when running and using the headphones though... Good sound isolation
Despite the possibly misleading and terribly cliche headline, these are the best headphones I have ever had, literally. I know that word gets over use, but I am literally being serious when I say these are literally the best headphones I've ever had. They play, fantastically, everything from electronic pop, to garage punk, to folk, to hip-hop. After many failed headphones and many days and nights of shed tears, putting these into my ears and pressing play was an unexpected ecstasy running through my defeated ear drums.  If ears could organism it would feel like having these play in your ears.  This is not the wine speaking, I've only have two glasses, but I am now crying tears of pure joy over being able to listen to music crisply for the first time. I can only image this is how formally deaf individuals feel when they regain their hearing.  Buy these headphones. That is all.
Best $25 dollars I've ever spent on headphones. They even went through the wash and still work. Highly suggested item!
I like to listen to some bass every now and then. And thats when I use these earphones. The bass is a little too prominent. Definitely not for the audiophiles. Bass lovers will like it. At times, it feels a little boomy, I must admit.
It is very goodSasukeBlaze01 approves :DI do not have any complains with this mystical device awesome bass and sounds clean.
These seem to be holding up really well and they sound great. The enhanced base is a really nice feature.
These are awesome headphones! I was looking through amazon for a few Hr vI  I was looking for it the Best Buy and when I seen the reviews for these I decided I'd try them. They are great and the low price makes them even better!
Quality sound I really enjoy these headphones over my bose,soul,beats, and yarbuds.  They don't compare.  I love the fact it's like two speakers in one and that's what makes it so great.
These headphones are fantastic when they work, but unfortunately the right earbud has fried out a little. It is playing a noticeable lower volume than the left one and I have had them not even two months ago. Unfortunate because they sound great. I am going to contact the company and see if they will replace them. I'll update if they do or not, currently it is pending.
I ride a sport bike and have gone through many different sets (cheap, expensive and custom made). These are the best set I have owned.Objective: they are small and fit well under full face helmetSubjective: stay on my ears, seal great, SUPER BASS, sound great and not super expensiveLittle flaw: I consider the cable a little too thin for my like, but won't change the performance or rating for that.
I bought this earphones in September 2013. But it stop working now. There is no sound at all. It looks the quality of the plug jack  part is very bad and the inside  line connecting jack are broken.I am wondering if I can get a replace from Amazon.- Luke
I've tried earphones in a similar price bracket to this one, and they are much better. This one is just ok, but the sounds quality isn't that good. I recommend earphones from KLIPSCHE.
I'd be mad if I paid retail for these! I just had a hearing test and I hear fine and mostly flat. I can get a decent sound with my Cowons 5 band parametric eq but can't with my Ipod classic. I get the best seal with comply tips! They don't play the lowest bass that good or 15k+ highs; they're a little louder at the 100-500hz range (like peak at 200 hertz and downward slope all the way to 15k although they claim higher)!  I haven't heard a single driver IEM that can beat the Old School Silver & Black ( Ultimate Ears MetroFi 200 Noise Isolating Earphones ) with comply tips for deep bass!  They don't play the highs as good as an Armature but I haven't heard Single Armatures play both the Lowest & Highest Freqs equally!  Almost every player has treble boost to compensate if needed;  I hate Logitech who owns UE because of their warranty practices (Wouldn't replace a not working pair of headphones I purchased from Amazon because I didn't have a "Receipt"! The Emailed Screen Shot Showing The Purchase/Paid/Order#/Shipped Date etc. Wouldn't Due!)  But bang for buck they are nicer than most!
The only complaint I have is that the bud leads are of unequal length. Good product!  Also has amazing bass!
Pros:Sound quality is decentEar plugs are comfortable (they come in 3 sizes)Cons:Build quality is rather flimsy. I don't expect them to last more than 8 months of everyday use. May get damaged sooner if not handled well. Absolutely cannot wear it to the gym, will tear away.Lots of static noise. Used it for face time and wasn't happy with the amplified noise.I'm not returning them as they aren't so expensive and do the job. Wouldn't recommend though.
These have astoundingly good sound quality, and I wouldn't purchase any other headphones after these. I vow to buy these until they stop selling them: I love these to death. Amazing quality, extremely durable, and it looks fantastic. I have bought 3 pairs for myself/ others in the last month, and will continue to do so. Couldn't be happier with my purchase, everyone needs one of these! These are a must have, and my best purchase this year!
I purchased these earbuds because I needed a sturdy pair for the gym.  Quality wise this product is just ok.  The cord seems to really get in the way and the sound quality is not very good.  I need to invest a bit more money for a better quality product.
Was confused at first at the design of the headphones because one side is longer than the other, but it's actually a pretty neat design that makes it all just go on one side of your head (you loop the right earbud around the back of your neck). The sound quality is very nice, and even after wearing them /a lot/ (even to sleep almost every night), they're still working perfectly and show no signs of breaking or anything.
I have to say that the Sennheiser CX 300 II ear buds have met or exceeded my expectations. The acid test was using them during my commute on busy city streets and buses. I've been using the iPhone 5 ear buds, and by comparison, the Sennheiser ear buds fit better in my ear and the quality and loudness of the sound is better, which is why they work well during my commute. They fit completely and comfortably in my ear without even the need to try on the other two sizes that were included. The line for the right ear is longer, which I like in an ear bud, because it makes it less likely to fall out of the ear when walking or turning the head. The Sennheiser ear buds do not have the microphone capability that is included with the iPhone 5 ear buds, but I don’t need that for listening to music, podcasts or movies, which is why I selected a pair without the added feature (and cost) of a microphone. I also like that the plug itself is at a right angle, because it doesn't stick out so far once plugged into my laptop or iPhone, making it more compact and less likely that it will be a vulnerable stress point. The pouch is compact and opens easily in one hand with a pinch so that the ear buds can be easily and quickly stored without fumbling around with zippered cases that often require two hands. All in all, I highly recommend these ear buds, especially at the price. Truly a great value.
Despite the possibly misleading and terribly cliche headline, these are the best headphones I have ever had, literally. I know that word gets over use, but I am literally being serious when I say these are literally the best headphones I've ever had. They play, fantastically, everything from electronic pop, to garage punk, to folk, to hip-hop. After many failed headphones and many days and nights of shed tears, putting these into my ears and pressing play was an unexpected ecstasy running through my defeated ear drums.  If ears could organism it would feel like having these play in your ears.  This is not the wine speaking, I've only have two glasses, but I am now crying tears of pure joy over being able to listen to music crisply for the first time. I can only image this is how formally deaf individuals feel when they regain their hearing.  Buy these headphones. That is all.
Best $25 dollars I've ever spent on headphones. They even went through the wash and still work. Highly suggested item!
OK... My order of these earbuds had a manufacturing error - the cord of the right ear was WAY smaller than the cord for the left ear; and I couldn't adjust the length. So, that was a failure. Second, the earbuds do not fit in the ear very snug. It comes with several different sizes but it doesn't matter. They didn't fit and I'd be forced to only use them when I was completely idle. Otherwise, if I was at the gym or even just walking casually, they would quickly just fall out. Third, the enhanced bass was not noticeable. The apple earbuds that come with an iPhone/iPod are better sounding and the bass is much more salient. So, perhaps my particular order was just a dud? Or, maybe all of the Sennheiser CX 300 II earbuds are like this. I can't say for sure. I just know that without a doubt, these were bad. I threw them away one week after I got them. Junk.
the sound is not Dr. Dre but close and especially for people like me that are hearing impaired.  I am very happy with this purchase.
I bought these earbuds based on a review by Cameron Madera on the panasonic earbuds I also purchased. Let me tell you the sennheisers cost approx 40 and the panasonics approx. 4. Panasonic blew the Senns right out the window in fit and sound. Dont waste your money on these earbuds, there are much better products to spend hard earned money on.
I had a pair of these for about a year and because of my misuse(yanked on it while it was still attached to my laptop) the wiring broke near the connection. Of course it was still under warrantly and they just sent me a completely new pair for free.
Wanted an extra pair of headphones, looked around a bit and thought these fell within my price range. After an hour or so of wear I found these very uncomfortable. Haven't used them in a while after the first couple weeks because they were just too uncomfortable. Sound quality seemed average, to boot.
Amazing sound. Very clear. Distortion is minimal, if at all. Can't wait to compare to my girlfriend's beats and my V Moda lp, when they come in.
I think these headphones sound amazing but I'm not much of an audiophile like some of the professionals in the reviews. I was hesitant about earbuds because others I've used irritate me after a while. I mostly use these at a desk with a laptop, no jogging. I like the asymmetrical cord design and I feel these headphones were well worth the price.
Can't adjust the length of the ear phones.  One side is way too long.  Maybe there is a way but no instructions for the adjustment.
I like these; however, when it comes to earbuds to wear for work (I work as a medical transcriptionist and wear headphones 30-40 hours a week), these are not my top choice.  I did not realize that the wires are two different lengths, which annoys me to no end.  I realize this is supposed to reduce tangling, but I have not noticed that it does.  It just feels lopsided.  I also have a strange hum when using these with my laptop, which is unique to these earbuds and does not happen when using other brands.  I also have a problem keeping these in my ears as opposed to my Etymotic Research (with those, I use the squishy buds and not the flange).  The sound is okay, but not the best I've heard.  They are decent for the price, but if you spend just a little bit more, you can have much better earbuds than this.  Still, if you're used to cheap Skullcandy type ear buds, these will blow you away...I am used to pro phones though so I would say these are middle of the road, sound-wise.
The sound quality of the headphones is gorgeous, from what I'm used to ($30 Sony headphones, better than stock Apple headphones, but not audiophile- level).  I am relatively new to the audiophile- segment.  However, I'm listening to these through Audioquest's Dragonfly DAC.  The high's are crisp and clear without being harsh.  The mid's and low's are warm without being overbearing.  There's just enough punch and ambiance to the bass to accentuate.  I'd have to say that I agree with the general consensus with regards to other (audiophile reviews, not customer) reviews.  For the price (on Amazon.com), I have not experienced music with this level of quality.  I'm very satisfied with the product - I give it a 4.9, since I don't give out 5's.The seller was fast with processing the order and shipping it out - the package arrived before the said arrival date.  I have absolutely no complaints.  I did not communicate with customer service, directly, as there was no need.  I'd actually give the seller a 4.99 (my best compliments).Overall, this has been my best experience with Amazon.com.
I like these; however, when it comes to earbuds to wear for work (I work as a medical transcriptionist and wear headphones 30-40 hours a week), these are not my top choice.  I did not realize that the wires are two different lengths, which annoys me to no end.  I realize this is supposed to reduce tangling, but I have not noticed that it does.  It just feels lopsided.  I also have a strange hum when using these with my laptop, which is unique to these earbuds and does not happen when using other brands.  I also have a problem keeping these in my ears as opposed to my Etymotic Research (with those, I use the squishy buds and not the flange).  The sound is okay, but not the best I've heard.  They are decent for the price, but if you spend just a little bit more, you can have much better earbuds than this.  Still, if you're used to cheap Skullcandy type ear buds, these will blow you away...I am used to pro phones though so I would say these are middle of the road, sound-wise.
The sound quality of the headphones is gorgeous, from what I'm used to ($30 Sony headphones, better than stock Apple headphones, but not audiophile- level).  I am relatively new to the audiophile- segment.  However, I'm listening to these through Audioquest's Dragonfly DAC.  The high's are crisp and clear without being harsh.  The mid's and low's are warm without being overbearing.  There's just enough punch and ambiance to the bass to accentuate.  I'd have to say that I agree with the general consensus with regards to other (audiophile reviews, not customer) reviews.  For the price (on Amazon.com), I have not experienced music with this level of quality.  I'm very satisfied with the product - I give it a 4.9, since I don't give out 5's.The seller was fast with processing the order and shipping it out - the package arrived before the said arrival date.  I have absolutely no complaints.  I did not communicate with customer service, directly, as there was no need.  I'd actually give the seller a 4.99 (my best compliments).Overall, this has been my best experience with Amazon.com.
For superb (yet low-cost) in-ear headphones, the CX300s have always been my go-to.  They are comfortable to stick in my ears and the quality sound and build is awesome in the overall aspect.  Maybe i'm just used to them, but I I don't notice any one part of the sound spectrum overpowering the rest--perhaps the base is a little on the heavy side, but it's an enjoyable amount and not overbearing, uncomfortable, or causing muddiness (the EQ isn't biased towards a certain genre like Klipsch or Beats may be--not trying to bash on them).  It's just enough that when I crank the volume up a notch, I can get very good bumping feel on rock, hip hop, techno/rave/club styles.  At the same time, the quality for classicals and accoustic tracks is just amazing.  I have played the piano for 9 years and I am obsessed with hearing live quality sounds when it comes to piano tracks.  Speaking of live, I enjoy listening to live sessions on these in-ears because the quality is great!  The reverbs on the vocals come out really well AND the crispness of a piano or accoustic guitar is uncompromised!  At least to my ears...I have always invested in the CX300 II's until the price shot up to $60...or were they always there?  Could've sworn there was a time the prices were lower...maybe around $40 or $50.  Then I would find them on sale for roughly half off.  At the same time, they last me so long that I guess it pays off unless I run around the basketball court with them at which point they get caught and pulled around very hard...sometimes even stepped on.  These days, i'm experimenting with on-ears but even the expensive ones are nothing compared to these babies!  Or maybe it's always been like that, on-ears vs in-ears...ANYWAYS...I certainly recommend these headphones for their quality sound and build.  However, do try to find them on sale rather than coughing up the $60 unless you're made of money or don't care.  Also, someone in a review mentioned buying from an Authorized Dealer--I totally agree.  When it comes to headphones that are $60 or higher, find an authorized dealer...perhaps even buy direct if you're paranoid about where it's coming from and who might be tinkering with it!  For quality headphones that lasts me a while, I wouldn't mind buying direct...as long as it's on sale HAH!
I have owned a number of earbuds before. These are competitive with buds 2-3x their price.First, the sound. Clear, not too "bassy". The buds themselves do a very good job at canceling out outside noise. But I should clarify, they aren't actively canceling, just passively.Next, the cord is nice, but I certainly wish it had some kevlar coating that other manufacturers are using to help with the tangling. However, the carrying case these buds come with is SPOT ON. I have never bothered with a carrying case before, because they are usually too tedious to open/close. I know this sounds weird, but it was a nice touch.The cord itself has an offset length. The left earbud has a shorter cable to the 'Y' in the cord than the right earbud. it just feels weird at times because the right earbud now drapes around my head or under my chin. This leaves the earbuds hanging from my chin, tugging more at my left ear and less on my right. So it has a slightly off-balance feel. I haven't exercised with these yet, but I can update when I've had the chance to make sure these won't fall out while running, for instance.Lastly, no mic; so if you want a mic, these aren't gonna help.Aside from that, for the price and sound quality, I'd say these are great; especially when at work and you want to jam out without having a couple cans on your head :)
I was in the market for nice earbuds when my old Sony's stopped working after 10 years. The Bose IE2 came highly recommended, but I did not want to spend $100. So I tried these, and I returned them immediately. These did not fit my (small) ear, even with the small sized rubber pieces. The cord length is also uneven. Instead of splitting in the middle, this splits 75%/25%, so the smaller earbud was constantly falling out of my ear because of the extra weight on that side. There is no description anywhere that the cord lengths are uneven, but this was the deal-breaker for me. I can't imagine that these would work for every day use, especially if you are going to use for running or working out. I swapped these out for the Panasonic HJE12 at $8/pair, and can sincerely say that they are a better product. Do not waste your money on these Sennheiser. Will never buy this brand again.
I needed a pair of headphones that I could take to the gym. These are great for staying in your ears compared to the apple headphones. So if you plan on doing something active that involves running or biking these are great.As far as the sound I was a little disapointed. The sound isn't crisp and I prefer the sound of apples headphone over these. These headphones focus on the mids. The lows and highs are missing.  These do have great sound isolation if you are in loud environments. If you want something with bass these aren't for you.Sound is always a users preference. Gives these a try and see if you like them.
I've owned these sennheisers now for about 6 months and I love them. The sound quality surpasses those of earbuds twice or even three times its price. No frequency overpowers another, they are all very well balanced. Everything from rock  and electronic to rap and jazz sounds great.The unique design for the cord allows you to wrap the right ear bud around the back of your neck so you don't have to deal with the cord in front of you all the time which is very convenient. However, my only issue with the design is that since the cord is made of a rubber, it does not allow for much slipping. This creates a lot of friction when you're moving around a lot and can cause the right ear bud to tend to want to `pop` out of our ear sometimes. This is especially annoying when you're exercising or doing any sort of activity that involves twisting your neck frequently. I unfortunately ended up damaging my earbuds today because of this while working out.Despite the questionable nature of the unequal cord lengths these are extremely good headphones that I would recommend to anyone looking for good sound quality on a budget. I still believe that these headphones rightfully deserve a 5 star rating. What they lack in durability and perhaps practicality, they make up for in sound quality.
These headphones are AWESOME! Excellent sound...Wow! Comes with 3 different sizes of headphone rubber pads so you can adjust them to your ear size. The second I plugged these headphones into my MP3 player (which is a Sony) I was blown away! The bass is excellent and loud & clear. This brand is MUCH BETTER than Sony or any other brand I've tried. My MP3 player came with Sony headphones that broke within a few months & I just bought covers for my other Sony headphones that I'm only going to use as a backup. I think I'm going to stick with Sennheiser for now on. I'M VERY IMPRESSED!!!
These are great headphones, I was a little concerned since they were so cheap compared to other pairs that I was looking at but these do not disappoint me.PROS:-Clear, distinct sound, especially towards the mid and low range. I am hearing things in these headphones that I couldn't previously hear in my old cheap pair that I got with my phone.-Noise cancellation: If you put this in with no music playing you can obviously hear things around you, just not so distinct. But if your listening to music you are immersed in it and it's helpful if your a college student like me who wants to drown out all the background noise while studying or working.CONS:-High ends may drown out just a bit. Because these are Enhanced Bass earbuds you obviously will noticed more of the mid and low range in these headphones. So the high ends may be a little to quiet but that's just my opinion. It does not effect my 5 star rating though by any means.Overall, these are awesome for their price. I've only had them for about a week and I think they are awesome!
These earbuds don't like to stay in my ear.  They keep slipping out.These also have one of the cables (that go to your ears) longer than the other.  That makes then feel weird to wear.  I wish they'd just make both the left and right cables the same length.
I bought these because they were so highly rated, but I made a mistake. I bought them for working out, which they are not very good for because they pop out of your ears like every 5 seconds!
I ordered these hoping I'd get a decent pair of earbuds to use while I'm at the gym; unfortunately these are a tremendous disappointment.The most important thing when considering the quality of a pair of headphones is, of course, the sound. Despite the advertised 'enhanced bass' the sound is gutless and tinny: really not that much better than what you'd get from one of the $5-$10 pairs of earbuds off Amazon. The treble/highs are pretty poor as well and there is some distortion/rattle if you are listening to music that is bass heavy. Granted, these are only ~$30, but my Apple earpods that these replaced easily sounded better (and they came with a mic and volume control on the cord).The second big problem with these (as other reviewers have pointed out) is the bizarre cord situation. Having one ear longer than the other obviously can cause some problems, especially when you're exercising. I will give Sennheiser props for making the jack very durable, it seems like these headphones are less susceptible to 'cord death' from  the cord flexing near the jack.As much as I wanted to like these, they ended up being a let down... maybe I just got a bad pair. Sennheiser makes some excellent products, unfortunately this really isn't one of them.
Pretty good quality. One headphones wire is longer which could be an inconvenience. Also if you're moving around too much you hear some crackling. You're better off buying Apple EarPods for better quality and price. I've experienced both
Great headphones for cheap...Left ear had connectivity problems after only 5 months. I think it should last longer than 5 months.
Title pretty much says it.  They sounded fine while they lasted, but they didn't last.  To be fair, I'm pretty hard on headphones, but this was the shortest amount of time any headphones have ever lasted for me.
The Sennheiser earbuds fits so snug and comfortably. The sound is clear and rich. I am not a careful guy. I keep them in my pocket and it is still functioning well.
I got these on sale for $30.00, and I'm extremely happy. The bass really kicks, and the overall sound seems balanced. I'm not too picky when it comes to earbuds, but I've bought enough pairs to know that these are a great deal.
I love these earbuds so much! Of course with things there are pros and cons, but with this product the pros overwhelm the cons.The cons are that the cord is longer for the right earbud, obviously for behind the neck use. This doesn't get in the way much (well for people like me with short hair) but if you're OCD, then this will give you one heck of a time. Also, these aren't for athletic use obviously, so the buds will eventually fall out of your ears if you are running or pounding the pavement somehow.The pros for this product are much better: The sound quality is outstanding. The bass stereo blends perfectly with the treble, deep, and moist sounds. They won't fall out if you stay still and pound your feet as if you were running. The noise cancelling is outstanding as well, I can't hear the person sitting next to me, even if they're shouting my name. The buds stay in my ears without me having to push them in constantly.Finally, these can put up a great argument against the brand "Beats." I've never liked Beats and this gives me another great reason. These earbuds are inexpensive and fulfill the cost that I paid for them. I never have recommended Beats to anybody because they can't provide good enough sound for extreme music listeners like me. I had discovered Sennheiser a couple years ago, and I can't get over how amazing the quality of their products are. If you're considering buying Beats I would completely not recommend blowing your cash on headphones that yes, look nice and modern, but can't provide sound quality. I would recommend these earbuds, not only for their sound quality, but also for their style and portability.
After using cheapo headphones and earbuds for years, I finally decided to try a quality brand.  I started with Sennheiser, which seemed to have the most reasonable price.  I am delighted with the wonderful sound I'm getting with these earbuds, and I love the asymmetrical cord design.  One side is longer and goes behind the neck, which makes the cord hang straight to one side, instead of bunching up under my chin.The packaging is horrible.  I found it almost impossible to open the blister pack, and I wounded myself in the process.  If not for the diabolical packaging, I would give these earbuds a 5-star rating.
Great quality, don't waste your money on s*** like Beats By Dre. Only gripe is that I cannot use these while working out as they tend to slip out.
-Sound Quality - Exaggerated on the low end but acceptable for a product in this price range and category.-Durability - I've had these for about 3 months now and they've survived a few trips per week to the gym as well as falling asleep with them in most nights. No issues yet.-Fit/Comfort/Design -This is where the cx300's lose major points in my book.  I'm content with the earbud itself it's compact and the rubber tips create a good seal in my ear canal.  The asymmetrical cord is one of the most irritating "features" of these 'buds, at the gym I run the cord through my shirt and the cord split always catches on my collar and pulls on the shorter left cord that is bearing all the weight.  The longer right cord has too much slack and hits me in the face or catches on things.The cable material is ridiculously prone to tangling.  If you wad up your ear bud's into your hand and then open it again it will take a full minute to get the knots out.  If this comes in and out of your pocket, Lord help you.  Finally I don't care for the right angle plug but this is a forgivable design decision.  My phone is the primary driver of these 'buds and the headphone jack is on the top of the phone making it awkward to leave my phone plugged in in my pocket.  If using a laptop or phone with a side mounted headphone jack you might prefer this.I owned two pairs of Jbud J3's before buying these. The jack is straight, the cord tangles way less, and the cord is symmetrical, and the sound is nearly as good.  The first pair lasted a couple years, the next pair lasted about a week so durability is a toss up.
Sound quality is high and the in ear design is comfortable, however there a number of things about this product which have disappointed me.1) Rubberized cable transfers a lot of noise to the ear - you cannot use these earbuds unless you are sitting perfectly still.2) Silicone ear piece comes off easily. I've had one pop off while on an airplane - it was gone forever.3) Product is extremely fragile. I had a pair specifically reserved for office use which has under the course of a year required me rebuild the plug (epoxy cast) and re-solder the left ear cable (due to a loose wire). Note: The solder job was not easy as the headphones use acrylic coated ultra thin wires. It was my third casualty.4) The earbud leads are uneven in length. This may not bother some people, but it was a constant nuisance to me.5) The warranty is not worth the paper it's on. I saved all of my documentation including UPC and original receipt and was unable to get the company to make good on replacing the item - due to 'wear and tear' not being covered.If I can't count on a set of earbuds lasting me longer than a year - I certainly won't be paying any more than 15 bucks for them.Pros: Sennheiser makes comfortable products with good sound range.Cons: See above. I won't be purchasing another set.
Great headphones, bought it for my sister for Christmas and she loves them. Told her the price and she said it felt like $100 headphones.
I got a pair of these headphones a few months ago and they still provide a fantastic range of sound. Aside from the quality of the sound these earbuds deliver, they seem to fit my ears superbly and that makes a huge difference for me when it comes to headphones.The highs are crisp. The mids sound great. The lows aren't shake your skull with vibrations good, but the CX 300's provide a clean low with no distortion and a little kick in the ear. I've played with equalizers and bass heavy music and you can reach a deep low that the headphones manage really well.The length of the left ear cord is half the length of the right ear cord. This is to wrap the right ear cord around the back of your neck and keep the whole cord running down only one side of your body. I personally like this feature, but it's worth mentioning if you don't want that difference and would prefer equal length cords.These headphones come with a small carrying case that I use daily. It's a nice touch to throw in with the purchase. I think it helps prevent my headphones from becoming too tangled in my pocket.Bottom line: I use these headphones daily and they sound fantastic.
I checked the reviews, and these came up as the best bang for the buck. They do not disappoint! I don't consider myself an audiophile, but I can tell the difference between MP3s and CDs, so I wanted some earbuds that were decent. These are those.
everything about them are great.....great sound.......comfy.....light weight so it doesnt pull down on your ears....only small problem i found at first....but now not so much....the right ear cord goes on the back on your neck
I like the sound quality, I like the fit. But I'm 42 and this thing creates too much bass and after listening to music for 30 minutes my ear drums hurt. Not pleasant. I stopped using them. I didn't have that problem with my $99 Bose earphones that broke that I was replacing.
I was really on the fence about what earbuds to buy or how much to spend. I'm a casual audiophile for home audio, but typically I don't get into all the mp3 player stuff-- I prefer a big soundstage.Well, these are changing my mind about quality and how easy it is to achieve a standard of quality without spending too much money.They're incredible, clear, and I would even insist they have great noise isolation. I can't think of a negative about these-- even the wrap-around concept doesn't annoy me as it did other reviewers. It's kind of nice to not have the cord dangling in front of you, but yet around the back of your neck.They're built so well, feel nicely weighted and have that rich dark sound Sennheiser is known for producing.Just buy them, they're cheap and the quality is worth three times the price.
You cannot compare this to antoher earbuds, Sennheiser sound transportation gets you to every detailed sound that an opera can play
Quick Ship. Great sound, well packed, sturdy connections, quality components, should last for quite a while. These are the second pair I now own.
I am a headphone aficionado, and will admit that I will be happy to give my opinion when needed. This is one of those times, but instead of reviewing the product, I want to know from anyone what headphones get this loud (113 db) and this clear (crystal clear) for this price. I'd like to hear from someone who'd like to offer their advice.Spending big money on headphones is for some. For me, I'd rather spend under $70 and should be rather content. And indeed I have been. If these headphones had more thumpin' bass, I am quite sure my head would explode. Sometimes you want to immerse yourself in deafening music, and I would be the first one to say almost all headphones can be louder and clearer. These do not fall into either category. These are simply of another level.Crystal clear at low volumes....heavenly at high volumes. Best bang for the buck and I would like to hear feedback of what could be better taking into account the price, crystal clear vocals, perfect amount of bass (no ear fatigue) and louder than life volumes that are also crystal clear (no muddiness, or cracking).Glad I had a chance to give my opinion on these phones :)
It is really a value for money, this is the second one I buy, because the first one suddenly after 3 about months, I found that the left side phone volume was decreased to about 70% with no clear cause!No corruption on the wires nor the bindings!
Very bright and sharp sound reproduction , not particularly heavy in bass at all , just clear mids and powerful highs .
I have had owned 3 of these headphones and after one got destroyed, one was stolen and the other one was lost, I decided to go for it and buy another one.These are earbuds for an audiophile. For someone who feels the mid and low lines. Doesn't distort the sound in any way, and feels really good in your ears.The only bad thing, which is completely understandable due to weight issues, is the quality of cable. If you pull the cable, there's a chance that it won't work in one of the ears.Also, has really good filtering if you are not listening to really high sounds like Dubstep, or similar genres.Highly recommended.
comfortable, low profile, affordable, noise cancelling and great for use w motor cycle helmet or on the plane.  My wife keeps stealing mine
I received these earbuds and the left bud had about 6 inches of wire to the Y and the right bud had about 18 inches to the Y. Guess that's why they were less expensive(still $40 is alot to pay for a defective product). The sound quality is fine but the experience of getting a product like this will make me much more wary the next time I buy a product on Amazon.I have been informed that the uneven length is by design. As a result I have changed my rating from a 1 to a 3 as the sound quality is nice. There are much less expensive alternatives that are available if you want something for the gym or for working out when sound quality is not that big of a deal.
The sound is good.  I'm playing in the band at church, and these sound better than a pair of Skullcandy earbuds.  However, I probably wasn't paying attention, and didn't notice that these are an asymmetrical design.  Now, I'm not sure if this is good or not.  It seems this makes them more difficult to fall out, which is a good thing.  However, one cord always sticks out instead of going straight down in the back, which is not visually appealing for being up front.
One side is longer and maybe that's the way you're "supposed" to wear them but it was awkward. Sound is great tho if you don't mind the cord.
I tried to get these to work for me but they just didn't work out. The fit is odd, I tried all the sizes and still couldn't get the good fit that my regular iPhone headphones have.
This headphone should have cost 100-200$. For 30$ its awesome. I would recommend this to everyone. Case is good too.
First off, I typically love Sennheiser headphones and use the over the ear ones when I record music.  These headphones sound very bass heavy, and the sound is very intense.  Call me crazy, but I prefer headphones with a very neutral frequency response because that's how the engineer wants you to hear it.  The second thing that I find kind of obnoxious about these headphones is the way the cord is shorter for the left side and super long for the right.  What this means is when You turn your head to the right, the left side will pop out of your ear 30% of the time.  Fine, I'll only look left then.  I wore/wear these when I go to the gym, and after about two months of 3 or 4 hours of use per week I noticed the sound starting to cut out.  At first I thought my iPod was toast, then I realized that the thick connector that was supposedly really robust only worked if I kept it at a very particular angle in my pocket.  Ok, so now it looks like I'm scratching my nether region when I'm trying to get the sound to come back and not just hear the bass register, which really gets you lots of friends at a gym.  I don't recommend trying to find this "sweet spot" when some giant's girlfriend is doing squats.So in short, they are decent headphones with some less than desirable features and is primarily targeted for people who don't turn their heads very often or use them on a regular basis.  I'm disappointed.
I really like the entire Sennheiser line.  These earbuds fully met my expectations.  I even bought a second pair for my son- who also loved the sound and feel.  If you don't need the big name/big price brands and you want something that will last much longer than the Skull products- then give Sennheiser a solid test.
The good:nice quality soundgood lookslong cordThe bad:different length sides took a while to get used toOverall: good in-ear headphones
The only reason I returned these was because it was supposed to be bass boosted, but they had as much bass as the cheap $7 earphones at walmart. Other than that it was very high quality but it didn't meet my needs.
These buds provided great sound and did block out noise, but they stopped connecting to my phone after a few weeks. Too bad.
Worst design in the world. The cord for each bud are different lengths and makes these so awkward I've never used them. Do not buy them. Complete waste of money...Must resell on eBay.
Liked sound, comfort of ear buds. Did not like wrap around cords especially when working out. Case was fine comes in handy.
Sound great! I use them all the time. The fit is perfect and sound comes thru very clear. A great product!
Amazing sound for the price, probably the best deal on a pair of great sounding in ear phones. Highly reccomend if desiring a more affordable pair of in ear phones
I bought these based on tons of good reviews, and I am sad to say they are OK at best.  I am no audiophile by any means but I do appreciate good sound, I feel like the stock S4 headphones and apple's new earpods are better than these.
I bought these as a replacement to my original iPhone 5 earbuds. I can't say if I like them more. Yes, the bass sounds much better than iPhone's earbuds. But the tremble is not a great. Plus the cables are not as flexible.
These are great! so comfortable and really good quality! I had purchase some $50 jbuds, but they were really uncomfortable. These are so much better! Worth the price
Bought these for my daughter to replace the ones that came with her ipod. Fit is perfect and very comfortable. Audio is much better than with her old ones. She loves them.
The Sennheiser CX 300B MK II earbuds has a great sound range, and bass boom fills out nicely.  It has a long left or right lead to bring the wires to one side of your body, leaving that awkward hand/arm space free.  Didn't even realize that was an issue until now.  Nice sleek design in black and steel.  They also fit very comfortably in the ear.  Completely satisfied with my purchase.
Didn't read there was no inline volume control. Sound quality just ok but what do you expect for a mere $25?
sound quality is ok, not impressed. It broke after a week.....not worth 30bucks for such a bad built. Boss is the way better
I purchased these to replace the cx475 pair that I had for about two years (the jack connection began to go bad). This new pair of cx 300B sound comparable. Nice separation of treble and base, with a fairly balanced midrange. The bass is by no means overwheing, which works well for my sensibilities. My only issue is with the cord being split so the right side is longer than the left. I get that this is designed to wrap behind your neck, but is somewhat annoying. Otherwise, recommended!
One star for a terrible lack of longevity.  The headphones sounded fine (especially for the price) until the left ear bud died after just over one month's use.  Spend the extra cash for better quality, because you'll be buying another set anyhow.  Or, if you want to stay within the price range, go with something by Sony.  I've spent less money on Sony products that lasted 10x as long and sounded just as good.I would definitely not recommend buying this product.
One side is of the ear buds are longer than the other. Although I know it has a function I wish it had said it in the description.
I do like the earbuds, the sound is great, fits very well.  I'm thinking to order some more for the family.
Not audiophiles, but quickly saw the difference between good headphones and the ones that come with your phone or player. Good bass tones from these and really obvious sound quality difference.
These are great earphones for sure. As a heavy metal, hard rock fan i must say the bass sound is awesome. There's just one problem the wire it's kinda long and the left ear one is longer than the other. There's no remote either. Great sound nontheless.
Found the mechanical quality to be above average but sonic performance is only middle of the road. I have a set of Koss KEB30K that are way better for less money.
These headphones are actually really nice. The noise cancellation works very well and the sound quality is on par with other Sennheiser products. My friend had a Boss earbud set and these sound much better than his by a long shot. He paid a couple of hundred for those and even with the small amp built in, they do not hold up to these Sennheiser. The bass is great on these headphones.. The mids/highs are also good and you can listen to anything from Hip hop to Jazz and not be disappointed.They're definitely worth the money but if you are a runner I don't know that I would recommend them unless you have other earbuds that will fit better. Again - I said runner - I walk around with these all the time with no issues but if you start running you MAY encounter an issue.
Powerful and clear sound for the size.  Comfortable fit in my ears as well.  You'd think you were accessing the sound from a stereo, not your Kindle Fire.
I am just an average music listener but I couldn't tell a significant difference between these and the cx200 by Sennheiser. Less than a week after I bought them I dropped my tablet and the metal jack bent and broke off, as I'm sure any headphones would...I sent sennheiser a repair request but haven't received ANY kind of reply back.The headphones came with a perfect case and 2 extra pairs of rubber ear inserts as well.
Pros:-Cost-Decent soundCons:- When the wire is jolted there is some crackling and popping which is pretty painful to the ears.- Not very stable in the ear.Overall:- I would recommend going with the Klipsch IMAGE S4... They are all around better (better sound, more stable in the ear, no popping)... I would strongly discourage anyone looking for a set of headphones for running or for the gym from buying these.
I really like the way they sound. The only thing keeping them from getting 5 stars is the length of the cord to each earphone. I'm not sure what they call it but one side is twice the length of the other.
I have a cheap pair of ear buds I was trying to replace.  The Sennheiser buds are not as good as the cheap pair.  The sound from these is tinny, and distant.  I want my music to be full and to surround me.  I read all the reviews before purchasing, but I was extremely disappointed.  My wife also tried them and agreed with me...not the quality sound that was expected.
I love Sennheiser, but these earbuds were not that great. I have a pair of headphones from them that I adore, but again these are not great eaebuds. I don't mistreat my audio gear. However, these broke in exactly 2 months from the day I got them. I didn't even use them that much. I was using them to work out with, and one of the earbuds just popped during a song and stopped working.The cord was also a huge problem. I'm rather tall so it could just be me, but every minute or so one of the earbuds would pop out of my ear and I'd have to pull the cord up and put it back in. Basically, terrible workout earbuds. The sound quality isn't that great either. The base is usually clear, but good luck hearing soft notes tones. For $30ish bucks they're ok, but I'm quite disappointed with these. I expected better from Sennheiser.
I've been through a lot of earbuds--use my MP3 walking, knitting and at the gym.  My J-Lab earbuds were lasting an average of 4-5 months.  My son gave me a pair of Klipsch and they lasted longer but the sound wasn't great.  I got a pair of these ear buds on sale and loved them so bought another.  The sound is better than any I've had before and so far I haven't managed to break them (it's only been 3 months).  I was not sure I would like the long and short cords, but they work find.  These ear buds don't pick up noise from the wires when I'm walking or at the gym like my previous ones.
very good deal for the price range and i compared it to all my other earbuds this one really make u feel a diffrence in sound quality and clarity go for it and stop searching any further unless u want to buy a dr dree one and i dont know if its any better or not.
I've used these for over a month now to listen to music while commuting and while I run. Works well in both situations. I like that it came with different size rubber attachments since I always have trouble fitting earbuds and keeping them in my ears, especially while running. These don't come out while running at all, even through the sweat. I'm not an audiophile by any means, but they sure do sound a lot better than the crappy $10 earbuds from Target I used to go through every 3 months. I wish I had read that they had an asymmetrical cable because I was surprised when I received them. I don't like the asymmetrical cable, and don't use it behind my neck like it was intended for as I have long hair and the cord always gets in the way. Overall, I am satisfied with this purchase.
I have never auditioned one of those $150+ a pair earbuds, because I am never going to spend that kind of money for something I wear to the gym. I have auditioned plenty of $30 pairs, and I can say that these are absolutely the best sounding buds I have found for this kind of money. The sound they produce is well balanced. Crisp, clean highs, and just enough bass. I listen to a lot of different kinds of music, but not rap. For those who do, these will not kill brain cells with each electronic drum beat. But for everyone else, you should find these ear buds pretty exceptional. I'm thinking of ordering a second pair, just in case.
Very good sound and consistent. I got these and the j5, I think they were better but after a couple days they started chirping.
These are one of the best pair of earbuds I own.  The only downside to them that I don't like is that the left headphone wire is about half the size of the right one.  The sound is perfect in them though.
Disappointed with this name brand Sennheiser earbuds - NOT balanced mega bass - muffled sound - not enough mid and treble range sound
My son likes the quality of sound and was shipped timely.  Overall a very good product as it has been used for over a month now and is holding up well.
Not audiophiles, but quickly saw the difference between good headphones and the ones that come with your phone or player. Good bass tones from these and really obvious sound quality difference.
These are great earphones for sure. As a heavy metal, hard rock fan i must say the bass sound is awesome. There's just one problem the wire it's kinda long and the left ear one is longer than the other. There's no remote either. Great sound nontheless.
A great deal for the price and he says they block out external noise as well as producing a good sound for his music.
While not much more expensive than any earphones I've bought in the past, these are by far the best I've used. I'm not much of an audiophile, but for the price I paid, I am extremely impressed by the fidelity of sound coming out of these things.
Honestly, I've never had a pair of ear phones die on me this quickly. Even $9 ear phones last longer than this. I listen to music every day, probably a lot more than the normal user, but the left ear has up and died randomly one day. I never coil my ear phones and shove them into my pocket. They are always nicely kept, especially since I'm investing in a $40 product. It's possible I got a dud or something, but I wouldn't risk buying another pair.However, in the time that they did work, the ear phones produced good sound like other reviewers have mentioned. I would recommend it for the sound, but be careful in case you get a dud. Really ruins it, y'know?
I'll keep my review concise as most other reviewers have already addressed the positives and negatives of the Sennheiser CX 300B MK II. Within less than two months of light to moderate use the cord frayed and then tore completely. Simply disappointing though not surprising as these headphones seemed to good to be true, especially in regards to the price. I recommend purchasing an actual durable headphone that won't become inoperable after a short period of time.PROS:High quality soundAesthetically pleasing (They definitely look nice)Relatively inexpensiveComfortableCONS:Terrible and feeble cord.
It's been less than 90 days since I purchased these and the cord is dead for one of the buds.This is not acceptable as these are not $7 headphones.
the sound quality is good however it is a bit overly bassy, and its just not as good of an overall balance. the overly rubberized cord is incredibly annoying and often gets tangled, as well as the asymmetrical cord is also fairly annoying, personally i would have rather have gotten Ultimate Ears at least those have flat non tangle cords. but i decided to give sennheiser a try because of brand recognition: Next time i'll stick with what i enjoyed the last time.
Cord is weak, sound is on the high scale next to $54 Skullcandy headphones. has a nice little pouch I use for my Skullcandys
got them about a couple of months ago - I like these Senn earbuds more than a set of Senn open-air headphones I've had for a few years (costing about 10 times as much) - blows me away that you can get this kind of sound quality for $30
Excellent material and form. Lots of my friends have this earphones and they have always work awesome, regarding what other people say
Extra Bass?  What extra bass?  My old Skullcandy 50/50s sound 100x better.  I feel ripped off by these things.  Also, the one ear longer than the other...what's the deal with that.
Bass is weak . Highs and mids are good to very good . The bass is almost none existent . Why all the good reviews ? Decent for the price .
On day two, the cord comes out of the bud. Great sound, but useless now. Even the $10 buds I've bought in the past lasted a lot longer than two days.
I bought this because it had high reviews. The good news is: It was delivered to my house fast, it was brand new, and it worked when I plugged it in. The bad news is: I didn't like the sound quality... If you want to buy great earphones, I would recommend buying the Sennheiser CX200 Twist-to-Fit Earbuds... To me they are 100 times better than this...
At first I was disappointed in these earphones. I first started listening and found the bass to be excellent and clear, but the higher pitched sounds were flat and distorted. After a few tries I figured out that you have to push the buds in deep in the ear canal to get the right sound. Once I did this the sound was more what I was expecting from these. I have never used earbuds before that are like earplugs, so maybe this is standard for buds.The nose cancellation is nothing more than an earplug effect, it blocks all sounds and even has that "underwater" effect that makes you hear yourself breath, chew food, and pick up other sounds that you wouldn't without earplugs. However, they do work well and sound is pretty good overall. I docked 1 star for the earplug effect, its annoying if your doing something while listening.The bass was perfect for my taste, deep enough but not to the point where it is unbalanced from the other sounds. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a good upgrade that isn't going to seriously hurt the wallet.
The sound is good and what I expected and I really like that you can use different ear pieces to fit your ear. But I don't understand why there is a difference in the length of cord between each ear.  I found that very frustrating.
Liked these ear buds instantly, Good bass not overpowering. Good clarity overallKlipsch Image S4 may edge these buds out in stereo imaging.
I often buy new earbuds because they're on sale, because I want a microphone, or because they look cool.  When my new earbuds inevitably break one day out of warranty, I go back to these. Because they sound good and they're built well.  I felt bad realizing that I hadn't reviewed them. "I review the terrible headphones that break, I should throw the ol' Sennheisers a bone," I thought.In summary: The best earbud-for-money swap you can make.
For the money, they are a decent buy.  Not enough bass though, especially since is says bass boost.  The cords are really thin and I wonder if that will lead to the internal wires separating quickly like a lot of other earbuds do over time.
This earbud provides good overall sound, and seals out room noise pretty good, the only thing I dislike is the overall length is too long, and the uneven length of the right and left cords.
I have brought so many earphones and so far these have been the best ones Ive come across for the money.I didnt want to spend hundreds of dollars on something I listen to on beach and sking or on the boat wont be upset if i damage them when I use them in so many diffent places that arent kind to to electronics
This earbud provides good overall sound, and seals out room noise pretty good, the only thing I dislike is the overall length is too long, and the uneven length of the right and left cords.
I have brought so many earphones and so far these have been the best ones Ive come across for the money.I didnt want to spend hundreds of dollars on something I listen to on beach and sking or on the boat wont be upset if i damage them when I use them in so many diffent places that arent kind to to electronics
The sound quality is wonderful, and the fit in the ear is nice, but within a short period of time, neglect on my part resulted in irreparable damage to the wiring. Rather disheartening.
I do not have a single problem with these earbuds besides that magical elf that sneaks into your pocket and tangles the wire up.Now for the actual review: Amazing quality, gold plated prong (forgot the word for it, sorry), good length and just overall an amazing product. I got these on sale for $25 and I see that they go on sale quite often. I would've gladly payed the full $70 for this. The quality of these Earbuds are close, if not the same as my brothers $20 Audia Technica's.I highly recommend getting this.
They are amazing great quality for certain. I was a bit concerned when I read one cord  connecting to the ear piece would be shorter then the other ear bud..but it does not change a thing very comfortable to wear. Only down side I could think of is they are a bit hard to get in the ear..but once you manage they stick like glue never have had a problem with them coming out unless I wanted them to.
These headphones as very nice, they are cheap, produce great sound, and they cancel the outside noise, I love them!
These earbuds offer awesome sound quality and are great for canceling background noise. The changeable ear pieces make them very comfortable.
I purchased a pair of these 3 years ago and they have been excellent. At the gym, on the plane, and when working in the yard. When my teenage daughter "borrowed" them I decided another pair was in order. I am happy to report the bass is just as strong, and mids and highs are just as clean and clear. Noise isolation is pretty decent for air travel and they are very comfortable to wear. I highly recommend, especially when currently priced almost 50% than the originals purchased previously. She uses them everyday and she raves about them when asked.
I've been using the standard earbuds provided by Apple with their iPods, which is my point of comparison for these earbuds. The Apple earbuds are hard plastic and come with these nylon sock-like covers, which I suppose are supposed to keep them inside your ears. However, those nylon sock-like covers are also very cheaply made and literally ripped to shreds in my efforts to place them on my earbuds. That meant no nylon sock-like covers and the Apple earbuds kept slipping out of my ears. These Sennheiser earbuds have three soft rubber ear pieces. I'm using the largest size and they fit just perfectly and are comfortable. Sound quality is superb. Bass is not overdone, despite the claim of "enhanced" bass. Rather, sound quality is balanced throughout. Noise isolation is also great. I'm used to over-the-ear sealed headphones that feel like they're vacuum sealed in place. That's kind of how these sound, but without that uncomfortable feeling of full sized headphones clamping down on your head. I am quite pleased.
These are nice, but earbuds are always tough to keep in place. I use them all the time, while working.
I would knock it down a star for the stupid asymmetric cord, but they sound so nice that I can't. The highs are high, the mids are clear and the bass is very nice. Going back to the horrible little things that came with my i-Pod, the difference is night and day.
My father-in-law purchased these for me and they are the best headphones that I have ever used. Unfortunately, my original set was cut in half by the chevy logo on my car (true story). Luckily, Amazon had a sale on them and I was able to get another set for half of the price of the original.
ProsEar buds are comfortable and elegantSound quality is great, enhanced bass is noticeableBest noise isolation I've experienced with ear budsCannot yet comment on how long they lastComes with two sets of replacement tips/ear adaptersPouch is sturdyConsThe pouch would be more convenient if it had a tiny zip section for the extra ear adapters- I am already concerned with losing them.Packaging seemed extra complex for no reason.
Got it on time. Good sound quality(best considering I got it for $25). Been using it for 2 weeks now and so far so good.
This is great , what a nice gift.  I have had trouble hearing out of other earbuds but the sound is really pretty good from these.  They fit in my ear well also. Nice that it came with a little bag to keep them in .
Considering all the great reviewsi was pretty excited to try out these headphones. Sadly, they did not live up to the hype in my opinion. I'm not an audiophile but I thought my $10 pair of Sony earbuds put out a superior sound quality to these. They aren't bad, just not mind blowing like I expected.
so far it works pretty well, and sound quality is above average. I haven't try to run or exercise with it, which i don't think is what it meant to do.
As usual, Sennheiser offers excellent quality.  I do not claim to be an expert on sound quality but the audio range seems excellent. I appreciate the small, medium, large selection of ear bud covers.  My only issue is that none of the sizes fit very securely in my ears.  I use these occasionally but usually grab my wireless Bluedio Revolution earphones first.  I must say that these earbuds do have excellent sound.
Sound came through clearly even at louder volumes. Satisfied with the quality and even more so on the discount for this deal!
I have used earbuds for extended periods for 25 years. I work as a Swimming Pool Service Tech and can listen to podcasts all day.The  Sennheiser CX 300B MK II Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds are the best I have ever tried. Consumer Reports was right. They work well with my ipod shuffle. I clip the shuffle on my shirt sleeve and run the wires under my shirt and out the neck and they stay out of the way while I work. The gold plated connectors don't corrode, which is what causes the other earbuds to fail.
I not big on headphones but I was recommend these pair by a friend and they are fantastic. With these ear buds I actually heard some things in songs that I didn't with other ones I've owned. I don't have to blast my iPod to hear the song. Most of the time I have it at about a quarter with these ear buddies. I wish it had a built in microphone to I could use voice command or Skype. But they're meant for music and they do just the job.
When you amplify the max sound, it will happen noise. I try it is not the music issue, because when I don't use it, it sound good.
Great product I am hearing music as I have never heard it before. Would recommend to anyone looking to improve their iPod performance.
I've had these for about a month...and I'm not a product junkie, all I want from my headphones are a great sound and comfort in my ears.  At first I was annoyed b/c of uneven wires of the headphones, the right side is longer than the left and I guess it's suppose to make it more comfortable when running but when I use them when studying at my desk the longer side kept slipping out of my ear, even when I changed the size of the ear buds.  Turns out it I didn't place it in my ears probably once I figured that out problem solved.Now, the sound....it's amazing!! I use Pandora and I could tell the difference from my other headphones instantly...the sound is clearer and crisper...it feels as though you are in front of the artist...every little sound is heard, sounds I didn't realize were even there when I used my other headphones. They aren't noise-cancelling but because the sound is so clear and the buds go into the ear, it blocks out other sounds effectively.1 month later...After using the headphones for another month, I'm reducing it to 3 stars.  The ear buds continue to slip out of my ears even though I've tried the bigger size.  Furthermore, the cord is always in the way while studying at my desk.  The sound is still great (comparable to the Bose headphones in fact) but these just aren't comfortable due to the constant adjustment of the ear buds and fighting with the wires.
I bought these for my teen daughter to replace a much loved and worn out pair of Bose earbuds.  Sadly these were nothing like as good.  Although the description says they offer a "powerful, bass-driven stereo sound with greater clarity and improved dynamics" the sound is actually rather tinny and thin.  Bottom line is we returned them and bought another pair of Bose.
Bought these and used them once.  Sound was HORRIBLE and the design is idiotic.Total waste of money.I have Sennheiser headphones and love them and hoped that the ear buds sound nearly as good...
Have bought these twice in the past from Amazon. The first pair were genuine and were great. I would definitely recommend these as good to use.After jamming this pair in a door by accident, the next set bought from Amazon were fake and of poor quality. You could see the difference in them immediately, and the pouch with them was of poor quality.After buying this third set, I'm not convinced these are genuine. When plugged into my iPhone, the sound does not always work when on FaceTime with family abroad. The case, although not as obvious as the previous fake ones, does not seem the same quality as my first set.I'm now reluctant when buying certain products from Amazon.
IT IS "B-E-A-U-T-I-F-U-L"- Bruce Almighty These are my first Sennheiser headphones and you'll love these if you want as much bass as Dr. Dre beats with the clarity of Sennheisers.How To Rate TrebleCan you hear the cymbal clash clearly?10/10How sharp are the "s" pronunciations by a singer?Perfect, 10/10How to rate MidsCan you hear the singer without any "fuzz" noise?Yes 10/10How to rate BassFeel the vibrations?Yeah 10/10Songs usedWhite Walls By Macklemore &Ryan LewisMadness MuseDon't Stop the Party PitbullComfort8/10 still has some pressure, but it's tolerable, not as comfortable as beatsIt comes with its own case so its portable.Noise Isolation 7/10Overall, it is 8.5/10 physically, and the sound is 10/10,it is basically the clarity of Sennheisers and the bass of Dr. Dre Beats
These earbuds work great and sound great too.  The price makes them a great deal.  I would recommend them to anyone looking for a decent pair of earbuds at a great price.
So I have been using this product for over a month, and have got to say, I am very impressed with these headphones.  The sound quality is outstanding, and clarity is superb.  For those of you transitioning from the standard $10/$20 headphones at some store, or the stock headphones that come with phones such as the iphone, you will notice a huge difference in sound.  The headphones also fit great in the ears, and do not slip out like the cheap kind if you get the correct bud.  Overall, I was very impressed and will buy again in the future should my pair need replacing.
I am not an audiophile by any means but these headphones sound great. The $40 sale price has made them just that much better! My wife came back and got a pair we were so impressed.
The title says it: I am not an audiophile, but my simple review is that I love these earbuds. I've gone through tens of $15-50 pairs over the years, and I really wanted an upgrade. This pair was well worth the extra money. The bass response isn't overwhelming and the treble is very pleasantly crisp, and doesn't really ever get sharp and unpleasant. The staggered wire lengths of the left and right ears helps immensely with tangling.So, if you're somebody who just wants to get an upgrade from low-priced earphones, I would say these are a great choice.
Like the headphones and they produce all the highs and lows my other ones do, with good bass too that's definitely noticeable. They mentioned the asymmetrical cords, the one for the right one is probably twice as long which personally I think is just stupid and pointless but it doesn't bother me too much. Overall good headphones and I've had them for almost a year and they still work perfectly, and if anyone's wondering they fit with my otterbox defender on my iphone
If your comparing these to the other cheaper pair of Sennheiser CX200 Twist-to-Fit Earbuds, definitely get this one above all! the CX 300B just sounds much better and less harsh to the ear drums than the cheaper CX200. The bass is strong and impactful without being loud, it is really designed for bass heavy dance or hip-hop tracks. High Quality pair of head phones
I like a lot of bass from my ear buds and the bass wasn't as spectacular as I expected, but it is still solid. The awesome sound clarity makes up for the decent bass. Overall, they are great ear buds let you hear music, the highs and lows, significantly more clearly and with better clarity.
Then, I thought I lost them.  So I immediately bought another set for less than $30.  Found the first pair.  It was a steal.
These headphones were well beyond what I was asking for. I take them everywhere I go. Very comfortable, even at the gym. Amazing sound and material quality, sick bass for a pair of headphones, and alot more affordable than its Beats by Dre adversary. Although $70 is a bit too steep, knocking the price down to $50 met the maximum price I was willing to pay. I say it's money well spent as long as you can make the headphones last. These are probably the best "affordable" pair of headphones out there. Thats what you get for great quality. Good job Sennheiser!
Though these have enhanced bass, it is not overwhelming and the audio balance is wonderful. They are extremely comfortable to wear, and are built well (as one would expect from Sennheiser).
Spend the money & get a pair of quality buds. These are rated in the top three & well worth it. You'll enjoy the sound.
Sound seem to be mildly muffled, mids and highs sound tinny. Bass is very nice though. Get these in-ears if you don't care much about sound quality but you want bumping bass.
Spend the money & get a pair of quality buds. These are rated in the top three & well worth it. You'll enjoy the sound.
Sound seem to be mildly muffled, mids and highs sound tinny. Bass is very nice though. Get these in-ears if you don't care much about sound quality but you want bumping bass.
I had tried a pair my son had ordered.  I Soooo liked the way they fit, stay put, and give you the musical experience I wanted.  I liked them so much that I bought two, hiding the second one for back-up.
This is not what he originally wanted, but after checking sennheiser out, he was willing to give them a try!  Great price, great shipping, and he loves them
Good crisp sound from the earbuds which I use while running.  Packaging can be shrunked down in size. Good for environment.
I LOVE IT!!! I'm very happy whit this product! It is just what I wanted it. No regrets at all
You're better off with some Apple earbuds. I bought these thinking the quality of sound would be better than the quality on my current Apple earbuds. I'm disappointed to say they are not. The biggest flaw in it, in my opinion, is the right cable is almost two times longer than the left. I don't know why those chose to design it this way, but it looks completely stupid. Why have a wire hanging loosely while the other one doesn't? Do you want me to wrap it around my neck until I choke myself? I just returned mine.
The ear buds sound great, but where the cod "Y"s one of the wires is only 6 inches long and the other is about 16 inches (normal length).  I am stationed in Kabul Afghanistan, already destroyed the packaging and no way of returning. so pretty much stuck with it!
I love Sennheiser ever since I stumbled on to them about 4 years ago.  I went through many different brands before I found Sennheiser.  The sound quality has always been some of the best.  The capacity for bass is not as I would like it but the audio is crisp.  The quality of the earphone material is very high in that I can put these in my pocket, get them tangled and often during my working they may get snatched out because I work in some small areas.  If you are like me and tired of having to replace other brand earphones because of such things then I would also suggest Sennheiser for you.  If you would like quality earphones then I would suggest these.
I really love the sound and feel of these earbuds, but sadly after around 4-5 months of heavy use (every day) my right ear bud has stopped making sound, which is just plain annoying when you are trying to  listen to music.  But since I loved the earbuds so much, I'm off to buy another pair!
Sound came through clearly even at louder volumes. Satisfied with the quality and even more so on the discount for this deal!
I have used earbuds for extended periods for 25 years. I work as a Swimming Pool Service Tech and can listen to podcasts all day.The  Sennheiser CX 300B MK II Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds are the best I have ever tried. Consumer Reports was right. They work well with my ipod shuffle. I clip the shuffle on my shirt sleeve and run the wires under my shirt and out the neck and they stay out of the way while I work. The gold plated connectors don't corrode, which is what causes the other earbuds to fail.
For the price, I like these. The mids and highs sounds great, but the "enhanced bass" could be better. You have to really cram these little things in your ears to get any bass at all, so that means for me using the smallest of the three sizes of rubber squishy things. Also, the material the cord is coated with makes it really easy for them to get tangled up, which is pretty annoying. I have to say I'm really liking the asymmetrical split in the cord for each bud (In case anyone was wondering--the left bud is the one with the shorter cord).All in all, pretty good sound, nice and clear but there could be more bass.
First off I would like to say these earbuds are worth their full price luckily I got it on the black friday sale. The sound quality is very good and has good bass. They don't tangle much. The only problem I have with these earbuds is that the right side is longer than the left which I don't understand.
Great gift idea for teenager or college student.  College student love them.  I love when I save money and get it right.
Daughter says thes are the best...was grateful for the gift. She has tried out several brands and wanted these as the clarity was best.
I have a set of Sennheiser head phones (HD-598) and love them. So, when earbuds were requested as a gift I went with Sennheiser.
definitely the best pair of earbuds i've ever come across. haven't worked out with them yet but they really cover the entire musical spectrum phenomenally. the sound isolation is also great, so you won't hear anything up to hyper-moderately loud noises. for their price i don't think they face any competition on the market. very comfortable in the ear, doesn't make your outer ear sore at all. nice work, Sennheiser.the one con i can think of is the uneven cord length, the left bud has a shorter slack than the right one and, as a person who enjoys symmetry, that annoys me.if you can overlook the oddly designed wire, then by all means invest in these.
I think this is the best earbuds that could be get within this money. I believe in sennheiser's quality and voice.
While I have been trying many of the more expensive in-ear buds over the years this is the first pair I have noted an improved listening experience... the buds that I replaced with the Sennheiser buds were nearly $50.00... I actually thought I was going deaf or my MP3 (Ipod) was finally failing... upon plugging these in and using them I had to turn the volume down over 50% so I could even hear enough to think...good sound quality, and great price...
I've had these for about a month now and I can say very little against these ear buds. Like it says in the title the bass is fantastic and if you like hearing the bass in your music you need this product. I am also a PC gamer and I now use these as my everyday gaming sound periferals. They are much more comertable that the Astro A40's I used to use. My only con to these are that the highs can get a bit scratchy. I found it worst when listening to Bad Guy by Eminem when the girl sang. Besides that I 100% recommend these ear buds!
You will love these they sound great , the bass is really good great value for the price no noise
The ear buds sound great!  Even better than I expected.  Bass is great, just as good as beats I would say.
Great sound, earbuds stay in while working out.  I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend to anyone
I have standard Apple earbuds that have much better sound. The fit is uncomfortable. One earbud cord is longer than the other. I suppose it is to wrap around the neck, but as a walker, the movement tends to pull the longer cord so I am adjusted them all the time. I wouldn't buy these again.
When I purchased the earbuds, I didn't realize they were also noise-canceling.  As a result, I had various people stop by my desk to talk to me and I didn't notice they were there -- works really well.  Sound is also very good to my non-audiophile ears.
Sound is excellent. Noise isolation is just fine. Have had other sennheiser products in the past. They are quality products.
Very uncomfortable no matter which of the three sizes of bud adapter I tried; plus the cord on the right ear bud is twice as long as the left (what's that for?).  But the one star rating is earned because of the poor sound quality; muddy booming bass, tinny high notes and no midrange punch.  Just crap.Also, I made the mistake of buying them in late October as a "stocking stuffer" for myself, so I didn't try them until Christmas, which turns out to be a month too late to return them.
Read a review of these ear buds and found the best price on Amazon.  The sound quality is very food and they fit the ear canals perfectly.
Piece of junk. The highs are too harsh even with a week of burning in. Ever compared Hi Fi Speakers with PA speakers. That's what the Sennheiser CX300B sounds like_PA speakers.
I have this one for a more than a year , this is great. The sound and design are so good.
I like these earbuds very much.  I use them mainly for audio books.  They block the ambient noise on planes, so listening is a pleasure.
These headphones packed an incredible power, with bass so brilliant that I could feel it reverberating throughout my brain. The audio was crisp and not at all fuzzy.Wire was a little strange though.My only problem is that these broke down 4 months after I began to use them, and I kept them in the case constantly, bundling carefully and not wrapping. The left one got gradually quieter and quieter, then the right one jumped to the left one's audio level to the point where I could barely hear anything at all. Definitely disappointing, because I was in love with them.
(My first ever review) I bought these earbuds at the same time as my Audio-Technica ATH-M50 Professional Studio Monitor Headphones with Coiled Cableand gave each a couple hours of listening. The mid's and high's on these earbuds are better then any other earbuds I have tried and almost as good as my m50. I can say prior to the M-50 the most expensive headphones I have purchased is the skullcandy skullcrushers Skullcandy S6SKFZ-003 Skullcrusher - Black the $45 range which is a waste of money. These earbuds are the best earbuds for mids and high "not headphones" I have tried but the bass is terrible vs the $15 sullcandy ones you can get anywhere. Skullcandy INK"D Earphones. I would get the skullcandy's but I put a little emphasis on bass. I have to say I have listened to the $100-$300 range of beats and they suck, so I actually know what I am talking about in terms of audio and build quality. At $30 if you don't care about bass buy these but if you do, spend $15 on skullcandy. I was not a believer in expensive headphones until I tried them but if you are able to save up to <$150 and buy the Audio Technia ATH-M50 they are soo much better then any headphone or speaker ($150 each) I have used. Only time I would bring these is if I have only 2x2 inch of space for headphones otherwise I will always bring my M50's now.
I haven't tried these earbuds myself but I'm told that they provide excellent sound quality with a high level of comfort and at a very good price.
First, note that one earbud is longer than the other.  I believe this is meant so that the longer earbud can go around your neck and you'll have less cable in fromt of you.  Fair, but unconventional.Sound quality is good for the price, but so is klipsch.  Where these falter is that the cable feels flimsy and low quality, and the earbuds themselves feel cheap.  The fit of the earbud is not very good, and I always have to push them into my ear again.  The Klipsch S4 oval tipped earbuds are the best in class in terms of fit.Overall, it's ok.  I'm thinking about returning these for Klipsch S4s
They work well, have good sound quality, and no issues yet.  The unequal headphone length is odd to get used to at first (I know many people list this as a major con) but I don't mind it because I'm usually listening to music while biking or running.I got them on sale during Cyber Monday sale for $40 so I thought I couldn't go wrong.  I have had multiple pairs of Skullcandy Ink'd headphones in the past (which worked well) however the cord always broke on them.  Since these came with a 2 year warranty, I figured I had nothing to lose!
On side of the head phone i could literately wrap them around my neck and still have enough slack still to put them in my ears!!!
These are great.  Comfortable, sound fantastic.  Awesome for people who do not want to spend $200 bucks but want nice sound.
I'm not an earbud guy, but I bought a pair for airline trips. Sonically, they work wonderfully. They are not noise cancelling, but that's never really been an issue on the plane. Fit is OK... again, would not have to wear them for any length of time.
CLEAR SOUND, amazing bass, and a unique setup really impress me and are the reason why I enjoyed these headphones.
I loved the sound quality that these headphones provided. Truly a nice experience for such inherently small speakers. However, there appears to be a design flaw. The 3.5mm plug that you plug has a strange design where it the plug is connected to a 2cm long piece of semi-hard plastic which then makes a right turn for a centimeter until it turns into a standard cord. Not sure if this has some specific purpose that I wasn't aware of, but within a month or two of purchasing these headphones, the connection inside the semi-hard plastic component went completely bad. At first I lost sound in the left earbud and eventually it lost sound in both buds. I am sure it is a connection issue because squeezing the plastic element in certain places will cause sound to temporarily come in either one or both earbuds.
this is average, i expected more from the quality of sound. its crisp is there, but again, its not like what i expected.
I wasn't sure I would be able to find something to replace my favorite Sony ear buds ... I'm very happy to report these ear buds are amazing. The loudness, clarity and range is just what I was looking for. I'm so tempted to buy another pair just in case I need to replace the set I just bought.
ProsGreat soundStay and click in your earGood build qualityBest ear buds for the priceConsOne ear bud is longer than the other meant for listening with one earbud in but gets very annoying
Such a high quality for small Earbuds and the price is right. I was impressed with everything includes the fast shipment.
Pros : I used numerous in ear headphones, Klipsch Image S4, Etymotic ER6i, etc.  The CX300B has a noticeably stronger bass compared to most headphones I had before, but not to the point that is distracting.  I mostly listen to pop, rock and funk.  If you are a bass addict, the CX300B might not be enough to stop your heartbeat.  The mid range is reasonably clear and detailed enough to pick out the weaker instruments playing at the background.  All in all, the sound quality is superb considering the price.Cons :1) However, there are two things I don't like.  The asymmetric cord design causes all the frictional force (from rubbing on my cloths) pulling on the left ear piece.  Many time it causes the barely seated correctly ear piece (another problem) to come off.  The cord to the right ear piece is also pulling too much when I look over to my left shoulder, pulling that ear piece off too.  It became so annoying that I need to do something about it.2) The fitting of the ear piece can be better.  As everyone knows, these in ear headphones only sound right if they are snug in your ears with no gap between the ear tip and your ear canal.  The Large, Medium and small ear tip that came with the CX300B doesn't offer too much sizing options.  It is like offering a T-shirts that has only three sizes, XXXL, M and XXXS.  The medium tips works reasonably well for me when I am walking and sitting down, but beyond that I doubt it will stay put.  For example, I found both Klipsch Image S4 and Etymotic ER6i offers a much better and secure fit.What I had to do is to replace the original asymmetric cord with the symmetric one from my Klipsch (which was accidentally tossed in the washing machine in my jeans pocket).  Now I say my $30 is well spent.
These are very good quality headphones for the price, I bought these Sennheiser headphones for $30 5 days ago and received them today. So far I absolutely love these headphones, the audio quality is pretty good (keep in mind I am no audiophile) the highs and mids are clear and the bass is surprisingly bumping, which is good for me because I mainly listen to bass heavy hip hop/rap music. I also like the soft case with the clasp it comes with, it's easy to just throw my headphones in there and stick them in my pocket. As far as durability goes I wouldn't know since I got the headphones today, I will say the chord does seem pretty thin and flimsy. Besides that my only complaint is the asymmetric cable design, where the right ear headphone cable is almost three times as long as the left ear cable. I honestly have no idea why someone would favor this over the normal "v" design, but this isn't a deal breaker for me because these are great headphones and definitely worth the thirty dollars I got them for.
Some people say break in is a myth or is completely psychological. I don't know who is right, but what I do know is that out of the box I was 100% displeased with the sound of these headphones. I thought they were tiny and muddled- no better than $20 headphones from any other retailer. Before sending them back I decided I would go ahead and break them in for a few days.Rather than use pink, white, etc noise, I just let them play through my shuffled playlist for about 3 days non-stop. After that they really sounded like a new pair of headphones. Great clarity, nice low end extension, warmer mid range- pretty much everything I was expecting from them before.
First off, the packaging and the accessories were nicely done.  I like the pouch a lot, and the pads come in a good variety of sizes to fit well.  The uneven cord lengths for the left and right ear don't impress me, but don't annoy me either.As for the sound quality, it's hard to ignore the bass punch.  My wife settled in to them right away because they sound big.  Myself, I like a healthy bass response to my music, but these over exaggerate it.  Bass isn't why I listen to music, it's just nice to get a full sound.  I found myself turning up the volume to hear vocals and more intricate details better, only to discover the bass was notably distorting them.  Bad enough that I couldn't ignore it.  Subjective, I know, but don't pretend that these are HiFi.  Afforadable, well made, but bass heavy at a cost.
Read a review of these ear buds and found the best price on Amazon.  The sound quality is very food and they fit the ear canals perfectly.
Piece of junk. The highs are too harsh even with a week of burning in. Ever compared Hi Fi Speakers with PA speakers. That's what the Sennheiser CX300B sounds like_PA speakers.
Don't  waste your money the sound was horrible the review says I have to give a rating but I feel that is was so bad that it does not deserve a rating
If you're coming from a pair of Skullcandy earbuds of any model, these will be a huge improvement. They isolate outside noise very well, the bass is very prominent without being muddy. The music is clear despite the large amount of bass. They also get quite loud. Would recommend to anyone who needs an affordable pair of IEMs with lots of bass, particularly the Skullcandy crowd.
the cord for the earbuds are different lengths .1 is very short the other is very long not very comfortable
I have been using the Sennheiser earbuds for a about a week now and I am really impressed with the sound quality for only 30 bucks.Great lows and clean highs. While I would not put them on the same level as something like Shure in ear monitors($100+) they still really good.
i wish I could return these. Based on the reviews I thought I would be blown away with the sound quality. The sound is distorted.... Almost sounds like no bass. Also these fall out of ears really easy.
Surprisingly nice.... I've not had other headphones to compare but I've used them in a Live band and on my MP3 player.
Have 3 pairs due 8 years. Best price\quality rate. Price above 25-30$ is just black hole for you money. Never buy other headphones.
sound quality was very good.  Bass very punchy, treble was nice as well.  The only problem i could not get a good fit for my ear.  Had to add the loop off my blue tooth.  Will order additional loops which will solve that problem.
I am very disappointed with these Sennheiser earphones. 1) they do not fir properly in my ears, no matter which buds I put on. 2) the treble is dull and 3) the bass is simply non-existent.For the same price, please get the official Apple Earbuds, they are truly incredible.
For the money, these earbuds are the BEST! Great sound, great fit with the three different sized ear covers to choose from.
Pros: Very good sound quality for price.  Bass and treble are plenty clear.  They are also a comfortable fit.Cons: I'm still trying to get use to the "J" instead of "Y" shaped cable.  Headphones seem to add some hiss to the sound.
I will say it's Ok. Anyway, it's a 20-dollar thing and good, because you will not expect too much. If it is the original price around 80, I will not buy it.
Good bass and overall a very comfortable in ear headphones, you will not be disappointed with this good bang for the buck buy.
I accidentally left these earbuds inside of my jack when I decided to do laundry. I was astonished when I came to find out that the earbuds had survived both the washer and the dryer. I feel dumb now, but hell thanks! These earbuds are worth the money!
I really like this headset it is simple and easy fashion beautiful and powerful.No light weight sound quality is very good song
NINE (9) years have passed since I bought the CX300 in Europe, 9 years serving almost everyday. These IEM (In Ear Monitors) gave me thousands of hours (and miles) of music, movies or simply isolating the airplane noise. I've had some Sony, Samsung, Philips and all of them ended in the botton of some drawer of broken in hands of one of my children. I've always returned to the beloved CX300 and in the last 3 years I completelly forgot the idea of buying any new pair of IEMs. Why? Because the CX300 demonstrated me why it is one of the most successfull IEM in history. They come with the following factors:TOUGH: CX300 demonstrated me they are tough. Not many IEM whistand years in my pocket without any protective case or pouch (The current version comes with a pouch).SOUND QUALITY: I am not an audiofile, but I listen different kind of music, and movies. their bass is immersive, deep and outstanding to my ears. It is not saturated by any means and treble is crystal clear. When listening to movies, they are wide and immersive, these IEM put you in the middle of the action.BASS: I have to double this feature since I like powerful bass in EDM and action movies. It is difficult to hear real deep and immersive bass while enjoying the rest of the spectrum and this product makes the impossible. High quality high, mids a AWESOME bass. IT also provides a good sensitivity so no need to pump up the volume in the player device.SLEEP: Their housings are so small that you can fell sleep on it. And this is important since In an airplane or in the bed they provide just sound to your ears, not any pressure due to big housings between your ear and the pillow.NON INTRUSIVE ISOLATION: The isolation is better than average with the simple but effective isolation silicon. You do not feel them deep inside and they are really comfortable for wearing them on long flights of more than 10 hours.It is clear that I have been more than satisfied with the CX300, my only issue what the plating of the connector. Last year (and after 8 years of service) the connector started to make some creepy noise when it was moved in the socket, but I can understad that after carrying them in my pockets for years without any case or pouch. They are tough and I do not have any doubt about this. But I lost them and I had to buy a the current product. It is the same but it also comes with a nice pouch. Oh!! and the L connector is gold plated and look toughter than the previous model. Totally recommended.
Tracking says it was delivered 7 days ago but I still haven't seen it yet.  I wonder what kind of legs it grew?  Return says it has to be delivered back to them but I have nothing to deliver back to them if I never received it in the first place.  I really don't want to return it, that is why I bought it.  I just wish it would get here so I could try it out.
The head phones work great. I wish they weren't around the neck ones. The bass is decent but not the best.
The amount of sound and bass that come out of these little earbuds are great.  The range is great, and the bass is even better.  I highly recommend these!
Good sound for the money.  Noise reduction without the large head phones or price tag.  I would buy them again.
I went through 3 pairs of Bose $100 ear buds over the last 4-5 years.  I love the fit of the Bose, and the sound, but I was not ready to go there again with my money.  Figured I'd give these Sennheisers a try for 30 bucks.  After 1 week, I am pretty pleased.  I think I like the fit of the Bose buds better, due to the ear cavity shaped silicon.  With these buds, you have to push them further into your ear cavity to achieve a secure hold.  Once you do that, and can get used to that, the sound is excellent, including the bass frequencies.  The thing I'm having to get used to is the feel and the sound of my own breathing and movement.  With the buds pushed in as far as is required, I can hear my every breath and step, more so than I ever did with the Bose.  Try try this sensation, stick your fingers in your ears really securely, and walk or run around a bit.  That's what the "silence" sounds like when these are in.  Of course, if you're playing music or listening to a book, so what.  On the bright side, noise from outside seems to be more adequately blocked with these Sennheisers.  Overall, I think I'm going to like these, now that I've figured out why the left side is shorter than the right!
Reviews on head-fi/ headroom/ etc. tell the truth, one of the best pairs of earbuds for under $50....or $26 if your lucky like me. Picked up some skullcandy titans the other day for $20 and I almost wish I just added $6 more for another set of these. ;)
This phone looks like seconds.The ear buds cable are different lengths. One ear bud cord is aboutnine inches the other is twice as long.
Be careful with these ear buds! The only reason I gave 2 stars is because of the fast shipping & tight packaging. Cheaply made and sounds terrible. When first used the left speaker stopped working almost immediately! Returned.
I am comparing these to my HD600s, so maybe I am spoiled, but these are tinny and way too bright.  Handclaps sound like pulses of white noise and cymbals are overly shrill and bright.  Very fatiguing to listen to these for more than 20 minutes.  I'm wondering if the highs are what are really enhanced on these.Also, the longer lead is a solution to a non-existent problem.  I f'n hate it.Overall, I wish I bought something else.  These have a better fit than generic earbuds, and a bit more bass, but they are not worth the money.
High-fidelity? No. But seriously, you're not going to get audiophile quality at this price. I'm just tired of throwing away $200 earphones that break after a few months, so I got these with the understanding that they're disposable.As a point of reference, I'll admit to being an audiophile. Most of my listening is on expensive speakers in an acoustically-treated room, or on high-quality over-ear headphones. My idea of high-fidelity is admittedly snobbish. Clearly, the many 5-star reviewers here have lower expectations.Sound-quality: much better than the cheap plastic things that came with your iPod, but bass-hyped with scooped mids. Can be mitigated somewhat with your player's EQ.Build quality: very flimsy, like all of them. You could damage it just removing it from the packaging, so be careful.Comfort: good. As comfortable and secure as any others I've owned, including some costing 10x as much. Haven't tried it for long periods yet, though. I'll find out on my next trans-Pacific flight in 2 months.Isolation: that's the reason you buy in-ears, to shut out the world and be able to listen in noisy environments such as airplanes. These do fine, but it depends on finding the right tips.Summary: I'll use these when traveling until they break, then I'll toss 'em. If they last more than 6 months there's a good chance I'll buy another pair of these.
Really good earbuds. They have great bass and are one of my best purchases yet. They are very isolated and you can turn them up load and nobody else can hear your music.
sound is really good and basses are too. In this price this is really good choice. I am pretty satisfied.
So far, the headphones are working very well. They were a Christmas gift for my son so he's only been using them a few days, but he is very happy with them at this point.
These headphones sound really good, and I like the shape of the part that connects to the jack. This makes it so your headphone wires won't rip from over bending it. Only problem I have are the ear buds, they are pretty cheap quality and could of been a little bit better. None of the sizes would be right for me, because all of them will cause the headphone to slide out of my ear. This is due to the design of the earbud, but other than that the earbud fits in my ear fine, ignoring the fact that one headphone would easily fall out of my ear. Overall these headphones pack a punch into the sound quality, but honestly they are not worth the price. I got these on black friday for $20
the product is good, I just dont like the cord. the right side is much longer than than the left side
I bought these for my husband and he loves them. They have a very good sound and are great for the price. I wouldn't hesitate to buy these again.
The base is not up to par and these do NOT have a microphone.  Will be returning for an upgraded model that has better sound and more features.
I'm impressed with how great the sound is on these headphones. If you're looking for something cheap but with actual quality, don't be hesitant to buy these headphones in particular! I've owned these since August and they still work as well as when I first got them.
These are a lot smaller than I expected, but they sound great. I love that they are small because i can fall asleep with them on and they don't bug my ears while I'm sleeping. Great product, only flaw would have to be the two different cord lengths. It doesn't really bother me, but I'd prefer them to be the same length. Overall, better than my Skullcandy 50/50 and my J-Lab J4.
The sound on these isn't as good as some sonys I have used but they sure are far more durable and I feel like they will last me forever. If you want long lasting earbuds that you can bring around anywhere than definitely buy these. I bought these for durability after my 2nd sony pair eventually malfunctioned and they're still going strong after nearly 2 years.4/5 for sound quality5/5 for reliability.I bought them for reliability primarily so 5/5 for me.
pretty good but too much base, I like CX200 better, which has a deeper base(not louder) and a more crystal-like treble.
These are excellent headphones they do have an awesome bass amplifier added to it but they have a granny sound to it which is a  down side to me. I see the cable is also kind of long. I use that to my advantage, I can easily make the cable go trough my back and i can use my headphones during class. I find this headphones to be excellent for in earbuds, over all I would give it a 8/1010 being just perfect 1 being s***. so they are pretty good
To start, I purchased these because I had been using Klipsch Image S4i's since they were released.  I went through two pairs with heavy use.  After reading a ton of product reviews on Amazon and elsewhere, I decided to give these a try.  These were cheaper than what I could find another pair of Image S4's for (they fluctuate in price alot).  My thoughts in comparison, these are a lot heavier on the low end, but almost to the point where any mid-range clarity is lost unless these are perfectly set in your ears which is hard to do at the gym.  Hi's were also lacking.  Klipsch excels on the mid to hi clarity where these were low end focused.  I also am a fan of the oval shape Klipsch utilizes rather than the traditional round that the Sennheiser's have.Pros:Price pointGood low rangeSlightly thicker cord than some of the competitionQuality buildDurable (gym use, no cord noise to note when active)L shape cord connectNice carrying caseCons:Lacking in the Mid-Hi range (I listen to primarily EDM and acoustical music)Contains 3 size earbuds but none seem to fit exactly the way they shouldSound almost mono if your earbuds are not in the perfect position (a problem while working out)All in all, great for the price I paid.  My verdict however, is go with the Image S4i's if the price is within $10
I have had enough with Bose headphones. I have owned a few Bose headphones and I've had a bad luck with  them. They either break on me or I lose them. Me being in Afghanistan didn't help either :). This headsets by far are the best I ever owned. They sound amazing. They are also priced very reasonably. I got mine for under 40 bucks. You can't beat that with a stick ;) I highly recommend this product.
Just to give a bit of background, I own a pair of Sennheiser HD-650's and headphone amplifiers so I know what higher end stuff sounds like. The CX 300B MK II's have great bass response and overall excellent sound quality. They do a good job of blocking out ambient noise. So much so that I found myself vacuuming with the vacuum cleaner off! I didn't realize that the vacuum was off until it wasn't sucking up a spec of dirt on my floor. That's how quiet these can be. They felt great in my ears and come with different size buds to try. They come in a small leather case that could be a little bit bigger. You need to give these headphones about 10 hours or so to break-in. At first the bass was a bit harsh and the treble was bright and washed out. Every time a singer in a track pronounced an "sh" word like shine for instance, there was harsh treble and cymbals were also harsh. Once they were broken in though they sounded great.Those are the pros. The cons are the chord. The chord is extremely thin and extremely flimsy. Almost as thin and pliable as dental floss. These headphones lasted me one week. The insulation on one of the wires is completely split exposing bear wire. One channel of the headphones thus no longer works. So I spent $30 for something that lasted me a week. The headphones that came with a galaxy S4, which I was using when I didn't want to lug around my giant HD-650's, have lasted me almost a year and I haven't even kept them in a case.So I would stay away from these. You can't replace the chord like you can in other Senn's I own and they are not made to survive portable use... throwing them in a bag, getting them snagged on things, etc.
The sound quality is very good ear, cost is very high, the quality is really good, I love it. Next time will buy.
Very beautiful and stylish. Simple and elegant, high-quality.Value for money.I would recommend it to everyone.Another benefit is that it has a nice
not an audiophile . but digital bass yes it handles that ... but actual bass guitar and maybe its my old ipod nano but the eq is set on jazz and still distortion happens... clear sounding on the Treble but still on some live recordings the voices sound muddled and maybe thats on the engineers who produced the live tracks.... but they are better than your 10 dollar variety head phones ... of course the suggested retail price is suggested ... so who knows..
The sound quality on these headphones rock! They've got a nice deep base and crystal clear to match. I would say the only thing I don't like about these headphones is that where the cord splits to two wires for the earbuds, they make the left side considerably shorter. I know many headphone manufacturers do this, but I can't think of a good reason why. Overall great headphones.
The pair I got was counterfeit! I couldn't return them because I live out of the United States and I got this pair while I was visiting. This pair came in a suspicious packaging. Print on the box is not clear. The bag that it came with has a tag that has weird letter font and feels cheap. The connector seemed poorly made and had extra plastic that was supposed to be cleaned. My friend had a pair of the same model that was purchased from HK. Much better than this pair.  Definitely fake!
I'm on my 3rd pair of Sennheiser CX 300's.  Don't mistake that for a mark against the build quality of these earbuds as each pair has far outlasted competing products from Shure and Sony. I used these daily over the past 5 or so years while running and working out.  One pair was destroyed when it became entangled in the track of a rowing machine.  The other was smashed by a weight plate.  The Shure and Sony competition fell apart of it's own accord. The sound, fit, and value of these can't be beat.  These are fantastic for listening to music while walking, riding public transport, or at home.Incidentally, I have recently switched to another Sennheiser product for use while working out, the PMX 685i, which depending on the fit I would recommend over these for those purposes.  The 300s actually sound better, but tend to produce a lot of chord noise when running.
I just received these earphones today and have started burning them in. To test the bass I started with BTO's - "Not Fragile". The opening bass line told me what I needed to know about these. I then tested some John Henry Bonham on Zeppelin's - "In My Time of Dying".  Finally, a little Supertramp - "Give a Little Bit" gave me the nice, clear 12 string sound. At this price I'm going to pick up a couple of spare pairs. One pair won't last forever. (I'm still going to have to adjust to the different lengths of the earphone cords though.)
Nice buds, they are comfortable and sound great. another thing I like is that my ears don't fatigue like some of the over the ear headphones, and they stay in better then many of the others I've tried. The one dislike I have is the left side cable is kind of short, another being the thinness of the cable. As the temp's have gone down, the cable tends to get caught in the zippers of my jackets which usually results in one or both get pulled out of my ear. The sound is good though; clean, crisp and decent lows.
I used to own previous version of CX 300 and was happy with them.  I especially liked the j-style (asymmetrical) cable which allows for more comfort especially when wearing cable under the shirt.My previous CX300 cable broke at the plug joint so it's good to see that Sennheiser reinforced that part in this II version.The reason i'm not giving them more stars is that recently i got another pair of budget buds which cost only $10 and which have noticeably superior sound quality.  I wasn't even aware of the lack of clarity of my Sennheiser CX 300B MK II until i compared them side by side with Monoprice 109927 Hi-Fis.300B distort on high end. Ts/tz sounds are saturated, it's as if somebody turns up the volume to 11 when there is a s or tz sound making everything sound kinda metallic/distorted.Unfortunately, Monoprice 109927 have a tangle prone cloth cable so overall CX300 are more comfortable to wear.  But good sound is more imporant than a good cable. I will be wearing my Monoprice 109927 more often than my CX300s.
I got these through cyber Monday for $13. Cheaper than the cheapest earbuds I've gotten in the past. These are, PHENOMENAL! There's actually sound isolation and when I first plugged these babies in I was blown away at how wonderful music sounds compared to all the other headphones (at a college students budget) I've owned. Those iPod headphones are dog fecal matter compared to these. If these had a control button, they'd be perfect.Yesterday I was walking back home and while I was crossing the street I thought I heard a weird noise. I finally looked around and it was a friend honking at me while they were stuck at a light. I barely noticed! You don't even have to have the volume cranked up to get the sound isolation. If only I had these for my runs outside before it got so cold here in MN!! I don't write reviews often, probably the 3rd time ever, but these were sooo worth it. I'm no audio specialist, but I've gone through a ridiculous amount of headphones to say, you don't need those expensive Beats by Dre or whatever. I had those as a present until one of my cats ate them, but these honestly have sound quality up there.Now all those poor college students out there looking for the best cheap headphones that don't sound like the price, stop browsing the depths of amazon and just get these NOW!!!
The cord is way too long and it is constantly getting tangled as a result of this and its sticky texture.  I'm 6' tall and the cord hangs below my knees.  It seems to me that the cord should never need to go below waist height.
These earphones disappoint on so many levels. I bought these as a backup once my Monster Miles Davis Trumpet's died, and I needed to have a pair of earphones to hold me over while I waited for the Monster's to get replaced. However, I have to say that these earphones are horrible, worse than the Apple Earpod's (I have those lying around as well). I am not an audiphile, but have had good earphones and headphones in the past (recent ones include the HD558, the Audio-Technicas ATH-M50, Monster Turbine  Pro Copper and etc). These ones, even considering the low price point just bad. The level of detail is just lacking. The base is muddy and overpowers the mids and the highs. Its just a sub-par listening experience overall. The base is the biggest issue here, it just makes everything sound so muddy. I am not a big fan of the longer right ear as well, however I knew that coming in. Overall, I would advice you guys to looks elsewhere and if you can, spend a bit more to get a better pair of earphones, such as the CX890 or the Klipsch S4.
Excellent product. Highly recommended.It offers a lot for a low price, if you are looking for something with great sound fidelityu, this is it.
I love these headphones. They have such a great sound, great bass, are reasonably priced, and you don't have to worry about everyone on public transport hearing your music! This is my third pair in the last 6 years (they usually last about 2 years in my experience (although I also throw them in my handbag and don't put them in their little carrying case)).My only complaint that Sennheiser still hasn't seemed to work out in all of the years I've been buying these is the rubbery coating on the wires is so thin that you will get a little static electricity shock in your ear if you're wearing an outfit (or it's a really dry day) that might cause some static electricity. It's not like painful or anything, but it is annoying to get the shock in your ear!! Obviously this hasn't been enough to turn me off ;)
Decent headphones, good for the price, the EQ balance of the headphones are a little off, sounds such as high-hats sound a little piercing, besides that it's not bad for the buck.
I ordered these as "cheap" replacements for my other pairs (which, despite being different brands and different ages, all managed to break at the same time in slightly different ways) until I could buy an "expensive" pair. When I received these, based on the price I paid for them (about 20$) I was expecting the sound quality and sound canceling to be poor. This was not the case. The sound canceling is beautiful and works really well (about as well as expensive sound canceling headphones, though not quite as good) and the sound quality is as good as I would want it for everyday use. I am unsure about whether these are as good as is required for very music oriented professions, hobbies, etc, but they definitely work for me.
I got these in-ear headphones knowing that other Sennheiser products I that I have bought had phenomenal sound, but, unfortunately, these headphones disappointed me.  The sound is very tinny, and I hate the wires (one is longer than the other and tangle very easily).  I thought I could use these to replace my Bose in-ear headphones that break every year, but not so.  The headphones that come with the iPhone is better than these.  I can't recommend buying this product.However, the seller was awesome!  I got them very quickly.
These headphones are amazing for the price! At first right out of the box they sound clear and crisp already, did some burning and now they sound phenomenal. Fit for bassheads or audiophiles, or atleast you wont be disappointed, the highs are amazing, mids are great and the bass is not overpowered like the JVC extreme explosives and still boomy, which is superbbb.The asymmetrical cable isn't really that great but it's irrelevant if you're only using these for daily use, commuting etc.I personally don't really like the ear tips so I gave the JVC extreme explosives' ear tips a try and I noticed some changes in the isolation and bass, man I fell in love with them even more.Definitely a huge step up from Apple's 2nd gen Earbuds or pods!
Great sounding headphones, and I love the extra long cable. Only thing missing is inline volume control/microphone, which I understood going into it. All in all I would buy them again.
I have tried different Earbuds.  I exercise with them and these are the best I have ever had.  No compromise was made by Sennheiser by reducing high frequencies to enhance the low ones.  These Earbuds have the best low frequencies for the price paid, deep and rich.  I listen to all kinds of music but Jazz, Blues and Rock are my favorites.  The true test was with a Pink Floyd live album recorded in Italy.  The only reason why I did not give it all five stars was because as I exercise (run) the right speaker cable tends to weight to much and pull the speaker of my ear.  Excellent sound!
I had 2 pairs of these and loved both of them.  I don't know what they call it but when one side has a longer cord and it is supposed to go behind the head... I don't really like that.. Wish they were both the same length. Sound was as good as any in the ear monitors I have had.
For the price, I have NEVER heard earbuds that sounded this good. Lows/Mids/Highs all sound excellent and the stage is expansive. The asymmetrical cord bothered me at first but I've gotten used to it and prefer to wrap the long end around the back of my neck at the gym.
So far the buds seem to do what it says it will do. The music is clear bass sounds good. These earbuds are for all around, what I mean is you can listen to music, watch a movie, play games etc. These buds will do anything except extreme bass. I hear the JVC XX(xtreme xplosives) are the buds to get for xtreme bass.Good job Sennheiser
Honestly I love these, the sound is great and the noise isolation is perfect!I would've preferred a normal cord instead of one shorter that the other, though.I wouldn't buy again though, would want to try new ones :)
When used right the sound quality on these is better than I ever thought earbuds were capable of. However they also block out ambient sound pretty well so I have to pay attention when using them at work in case someone wants to talk to me. If the sound is tinny and terrible, you probably don't have them in right.I'm pretty sure the longer right cord is supposed to go around the back of your neck so it doesn't dangle a lot. Yea it's weird.Overall, very happy.
Pros:Clear soundCheapgreat sound suppresionLast a long timecons:One headphone is longer than the otherkindof hurt my ears after a while of usage.L shaped jack, great for longegivty, but bad for pulling/putting back into pockets.
The sound effect is amazing when I listen to  music using this sennheiser earbuds just as I was in the nature space.
These stay in my ear but the cord makes lots of noise- not ideal for walking/running but good for use at the computer desk.
The headphones are fine. I've had them for a month or so, and, so far, they are holding up fine physically. I am not a headphone snob, but the sound is perfectly pleasing. Two things to note: 1) the lengths of the individual headphones are different, which doesn't prevent wearing but can look awkward, and 2) there is no external control for volume etc (I knew this when purchasing).
I'll by stating WOW !! These are the best earbuds I've had the pleasure of owning!! I have a pair of Sennheiser PX 100, they are old over six years, but still sound great! Better than any other headphones that I have bought in the past. So with a little digging to find a good pair of earbuds for work and working out I found these. They are worth every penny, built very well, it sounds like I'm right there in the studio. The sound is crisp and clean, it blew me away! Thanks to Sennheiser, once again I'm falling in love with my music all over again!! Well worth the price!!
I listen to earphones a lot, A LOT, at work, at home, ALL THE TIME. I am also not gentle on my electronics, and I have a fairly good ear from playing woodwinds for years and years. I am picky about my headphones and I don't like paying too much as I tend to have them disintegrate.Well, I am here to tell you that I have found my earbuds of choice! These are it! They are comfortable for my large ear canals, they block noise really well, they fit snug in my ear, and they don't hurt. They also sound very good, with clear high tones, plenty of middle, and a good bass. The bass isn't too muffled and sounds great, and it's just an overall clear, clean sound! I've had these for over two years, and they've also held up surprisingly well. I have bought way more expensive earbuds, and these outperform them.So, low price, great sound, good durability. Can't say enough good things about them. My only quibble is that I want more of the removable black cups that go in your ear, and had to purchase more when I lost one.
For the price, these ear buds sound great. They have good bass, spacious highs, and the leather carrying pouch is a nice addition. While the asymmetrical design is a little annoying, i definitely recommend buying these.
WOW !!!!!!!Bout all I can say about the buds.Absolutely the finest ear experience I've had outside a night out listening to "live" music
I bought this because I saw all the raving reviews about it. First, why on earth do they have different lengths for the right and left sides, it makes no sense, and if someone tells you it does, then ask why, because i don't get it. But what I got were basically the worst earphones i ever had. I have a better sound from the $5 ones i bought on another site. I run a lot so I wanted earbuds that would give me a great sound and would be comfortable to use when running. Not gonna work with those. The sound is awful, the bass is crackling so much it sounds like i'm frying something. Not for me!
I have used these headphones for four years. I lose them every four month or so, but te affordable amazon price means I can buy them as needed. Excellent bass, fairly good at noise obstruction, and very comfortable.
First off - yes, these earbuds do sound fantastic for the price. Problem is that I've gone through two pairs of these earbuds in the past two years. I bought the first pair in December 2011 from an unauthorized dealer and found out - a year later - that the warranty wouldn't be honored. My bad. So I bought a second pair directly from Amazon in February 2013.Ten months later, they had the same issue as the first pair: crackling sound in one of the earbuds. No problem, thought I, and submitted my warranty order right around Thanksgiving 2013. Two weeks later, Sennheiser sent the good news: they would be replacing my earbuds under warranty! And the bad: they'd run out of CX 300B MK II earbuds. They expected a new batch in February 2014.THREE MONTHS minimum to replace a pair of earbuds under warranty. Or, you know, I could drop more cash on another pair right here on Amazon, or any other website, because there's no real shortage of them. It's just that Sennheiser can't get their hands on a pair of their own earbuds. For three months.I understand that it takes time, but considering that my earbuds broke in ten months and it'll take another three months to get a replacement... that's bad, guys. I'm buying a pair of Panasonics to tide me over through Christmas, New Years', MLK Day, Presidents' Day, and Valentine's Day.  And when the replacement Sennheisers break, as I'm sure they will, I will not bother ordering another pair.12/16/13 - Update; just got an email from Sennheiser saying that while the expected shipdate was 2/14/2014, my headphones would be shipped today. MUCH more reasonable. Still don't like that they break so quickly, but at least I've only been without headphones for one month instead of three. Accordingly, I'm changing my review from 1 star to 3.
Very well-balanced all around. Not as tinny sounding as my old Ink'd/Smokin' Buds (Cant remember which) Skullcandy earbuds. I definitely recommend them!(I also like how the right side is longer than the left--makes it world's easier to figure out which is which in poor lighting)
Bought this as a gift and my brother loves it. I tried using it once, and the sound quality was more than acceptable: well-rounded with the response leaning slightly toward being bass-heavy.
Im a pro A/V Installer so im used to comparing speakers and headphones for sound quality on a daily basis. These things are awesome in the sound quality category. If you're looking for something to listen to crystal clear audio with great bass response these are amazing for the price. The huge drawback is no audio controls or built in microphone. So not very good for phone calls.
My Previous Review is below. Since then the head phone jack ripped when I tried to take it out of my phone. (I Always pull the jack out base as close to the end as possible.) I had to use plyers to get the metal piece out of the audio port. Started out good then went down hill!!!!I purchased these for when I workout- Run/WeightsThey are a little uncomfortable. The suction created when putting them in you ears causes a little discomfort. The sound is decent but could be better. I think that these are good for the price I bought them at but I would defiantly not recommend buying them full price. I have had some skull candy ear phones of the same style and I would rank these just above those.This is what I think is better about each one.Sennheiser- Sound, Size, Price(with Discount)Skull Candy-Comfort-ability, ear piece accessories
This is my second pair of these headphones. I really like the fit and the general feel and sound qualit, but my first pair broke after a year. I am hoping that this pair lasts better.
I bought these earphones to use so that I wouldn't have to wear my headphones when walking around, working out or in the library. I recieved these earphones today, and have worn them for the past 6 hours with no discomfort. They have exceptional sound quality - far superior to any earphones I have had before, for a price that's extremely reasonable.I would recommend to anyone.
Outstanding sound quality and they are not cheapos... I use these when i work out and they do the job well! I recommend them
The BEST earphones on the market. My old pair finally stopped working so I bought the exact same earphones again because they are so good.
Cords are too thin and eventually fail.  Using these in my office, they lasted about 4 months before I started getting static/loose connection then eventually one of the earbuds died.  Also the asymmetrical earbud cords are annoying and end up causing one of the cords to always be tugging.
These headphones are great for the price. The best I've listened to in this price range. The bass isn't very strong or thumpy despite the "enhanced bass" label.
had them for 4 years now. they get tangled like all do, but quality physically and aurally is superb. totally
I tore the packaging open as soon as I got it, and I was amazed by the sound. I bought these to replace my a-JAYS, and these do the job perfectly. At the price they are now, there is no reason not to pick them up even as a spare. I personally spent a lot of time reading the reviews here, so I made sure to make sure this review is as detailed as possible. I apologize if it sometimes seems tangential and disconnected; I've been up slightly too long to write coherently.[Sound]The sound is so well balanced that I don't even bother using an EQ. Nor did I bother to do a "burn-in." I listen to many genres, and haven't been disappointed at any point. Today I've been partial to rap, and I'm shocked my the bass response in these.For most of the day, and especially early in the morning, I have these on the very first volume level on my HTC One. With my a-JAYS, I was at 50-75% most of the time.[Isolation]They also have an appreciable amount of isolation ability (blocking out sounds in the environment), which makes the listening experience even more intimate. Though I'm not writing anything, I still have my CX 300B in just to clear my head and block the random ambient sounds in my room (computer fans, keyboard, rustling, etc.)[Exercise]These are perfectly fine for lifting and body exercises.. When I tested these while running, they quickly fell out as I expected them to, but the unorthodox cable length allows for many different ways to wear them. I'm going to test some of these tomorrow and will update this post with my results.[Packaging]The packaging was plenty tough to survive shipping, but I opened it in seconds with a pocket knife.[Accessories]The headphones came with several size ear tips, but I quickly switched to the Small ear tips that came with my a-JAYS. There are sizes for each ear, but not nearly as many as the veritable collection that JAYS provides.The carrying case is very convenient and well-sized. The magnetic closing mechanism makes me much more inclined to store these safely, as it saves a lot of time that would be wasted zipping and unzipping. The "pouch" easily fits into my pocket, and seems like it will survive much longer than the lifetime of these headphones.[Physical Features]These have a long cable, so it should be a comfortable fit for tall people and a boon for those planning to exercise with them.And as a random observation, because I'm sure you're truly interested if you've read thus far, the L shaped plug seems very sturdy and should give some added protection to the cable. This is a design I really liked in my a-JAYS, so I'm glad these had that feature.Beyond that, these headphones have a clean, aesthetically pleasing look that really compliments my HTC One.[Caveats]As a note, here are some things to take into consideration:- I am not an Audiophile. I like to stay in the < $100 range.- I've only had these for a weekend now.
Plays songs very clearly and the design of having the right earphone wrapped around my neck is good for preventing my earphones from getting tangled. when I am not using them. They are good for the price ($24 on Black Friday) especially since some of the earphones that are similar to this one are like $50.
These earbuds have exceptional audio and bass unfortunately I can not judge there durability since upon one day of having them my dog destroyed them
Got fed up with these went through 3 pairs of these all the same problem one of the earbuds stop working. To top it off amazon doesn't offer the 2 year warranty
I've had these for about a year and let me say they sound AMAZING! They may not be over the ear headphones but for $35 (The price I got them for) they're great! I'm no audiophile but they sound better than the Apple Earpods they deliver great bass on my Nokia Lumia 1020 and the highs are crisp while listening to lossless audio. Overall great for the price must buy if you need a good pair of earphones at this price range. Some tips would be to let them burn in once you get them for about 48 hours also THE RIGHT EARBUD CHORD IS LONGER THAN THE LEFT! It throws everyone off when they buy it so consider yourself warned it is supposed to wrap around your neck and I think its a great idea and nicely implemented. Final tip is buy extra rubber tips for the ear buds you will most likely lose them as they fall off very easily and replacements are easy to find here on amazon for less than $5 you can get a 3 pack. Thanks for reading this review I hope you found it helpful!
I didn't get these headphones for very long ,but I loved them while I had them.  The sound was good in all departments.  The bass was there but not boomy but controlled.  The only problem I had was the fact that one side's cable length was 3x the size the other sides.  I looked it up ,and it turns out that the big difference in length is because it should wrap around your neck.  The sound was amazing and these earbuds are very small.  The earbuds are not a bother in your ear ,and they don't come out easily.  I found this to be nice and could sleep with these if I wanted to. Overall these headphones are up to par with earbuds in the $100 range.  These have the same sound as my UrBeats with more controlled bass.
excellent sound , nice bass and crispi highs , beautiful price i am really happy whit this porchase realy happy.
Excellent.Ive been in the market for a set of ear buds for a little while now.The other ear buds I had were the ones that came with my galaxy S3. Those sounded Ok at best ( too harsh to my ears) and got uncomfortable after a short time.IMHO, these were worth the $40 price without question.Mids, highs, and lows are very well done and clean. No harshness and easy on the ears. very clear.In regards to Bass. It depends on the type of listener you are.If you like tight, punchy and accurate bass,  these are a winner.If you are a bass head and like the deep, sloppy, rumbling type bass .. they will disappoint.Ive seen many complain about the cord length, The right is longer than the left. but personally, I really like this.If put in the left bud, and put the right buds cord around the back of your neck it works out wonderful.If you are listening to something and someone speaks to you you can pull the right bud and it just drapes over your right shoulder rather than hanging down to the floor.As I said, I really like it and find it a nice design thought. But it may be a con for some.There's really not much to say. Excellent product at the price point.  I am very happy with them.But, to be totally fair here, Ive always been a big Sennheiser fan. Even my over the ear cans are Sennheisers.So there may be a bit bias :)
These headphones are amazing for the price! At first right out of the box they sound clear and crisp already, did some burning and now they sound phenomenal. Fit for bassheads or audiophiles, or atleast you wont be disappointed, the highs are amazing, mids are great and the bass is not overpowered like the JVC extreme explosives and still boomy, which is superbbb.The asymmetrical cable isn't really that great but it's irrelevant if you're only using these for daily use, commuting etc.I personally don't really like the ear tips so I gave the JVC extreme explosives' ear tips a try and I noticed some changes in the isolation and bass, man I fell in love with them even more.Definitely a huge step up from Apple's 2nd gen Earbuds or pods!
Great sounding headphones, and I love the extra long cable. Only thing missing is inline volume control/microphone, which I understood going into it. All in all I would buy them again.
These are great earbuds.  I replaced a pair of Jlabs with these, and they were absolutely worth the extra money.I'm not much of an audiophile, but the range on these seems very good.  Bass was definitely well represented, and the highs that were in my hearing spectrum were crisp.Just keep your expectations realistic.  You won't get near the sound quality that you will out of a decent pair of open over the ear Sennheiser's.For me, they serve the exact purpose that I wanted them for.  Decent sound quality, while blocking out extraneous sound.  They allow me to tune everything else out except for music and work.
The bass is really nice and has a good fit to it. also comes with a nice little case for it which i thought was neat. :D
You can't get better sound for $25.00 anywhere. Crisp highs, and booming bass.My only complaint is that the cord coming out of the "Y" is very short going to the left ear, while the cord going to the right ear out of the "Y" is very long. Not sure if it's supposed to be like this, or I just got a funky pair. Will update my review on their longevity later if I remember ;)
For less than $20 the sound is great. The cable is thin but the overall construction is really good for something so cheap. As I lost this things all the time and the cat that lives in my apartment love to eat wires, this earphone is a very good option. If you want a very affordable earphone with a good sound quality, this is the right one for you.
I like these for the sound, but really don't like that one of the cords is shorter than the other.  I didn't realize the left and right cords would be different lengths when i purchased these, and surprised how much shorter the left ear cord would be so be aware of this if you are considering these.  Its too bad that Sennheiser doesn't make a model like this with normal length cords for the left and right sides.  I originally got these for my son, who liked the sound but hated the left cord length issue, so I ended up using them myself since I like the sound and just dealing with the one cord being shorter than the other.
Stay away from this product. Everything negative written about it turns out to be true.The ear-buds continuously fall out, and yes, we tried all sizes.The asymmetric cable - Worst design decision ever. This design causes slack cable to slap you on the face or tangle in your clothing. Also, because of the tension on side of the ear - they tend to fall off.The cable - It tangles so badlyI made a mistake buying those, didn't read the reviews before I bought it and was under pressure because I lost my klipsche. Never again
This is a good earphone in this price range. I wish people would stop complaining about the sound quality, you get what you pay for. If you want amazing sound, go spend $500 on a pair of earphones. These are well made and they are still going strong after 2 years of use. Good bass and overall sound quality for the price.
Sennheiser makes my favorite ear buds.  Everyone should know that the left bud is much shorter than the right in this particular set of buds.  I sent the first one back thinking it was defective.  I actually see the benefit in having the left ear bud shorter now.  I use earbuds to listen to news and talk radio podcasts (yes, the Left does have excellent podcasts).  I use them probably 5 hours a day working in the house or yard.  My previous buds wore out from putting the post in and out of my phone (the post quit).
Immediately impressed with the sound quality and noise canceling ability of these ear buds.  No long term data as yet but will include in next six months.
These ear buds have amazing quality. Even though the quality is very good, I wouldn't ever purchase these again. They work great for a while, but then one ear bud always dies. This usually happens every 3-5 months. I've replaced these 3 times and now it broke again. It does have a 2 year warranty and the company fixes them with no questions asked. You do have to pay for shipping to get it there (which ended up costing more than the headphones themselves). Basically, if you don't mind owning these for 4 months and having to send them in for repair multiple times over the next 2 years, go for it. I know I will never buy these headphones again. I am also leery of purchasing anything from them at all.UPDATE: I Contacted Sennheiser USA to let them know the issue with these headphones (breaking every 3-5 months. They were kind enough to send me another set of higher quality headphones for free to fix my displeasure. This company went far out of their way to make things right. Will definitely purchase another product from Sennheiser down the road, just not this particular model.http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/x-locale/communities/reviews/preview-active._V192249892_.gif
I rarely review products, but feel the need to say 'these are awesome'. I am by no means an audiophile, but find the tonal qualities of these 'phones  much better than the V-Moda's they are replacing.I listen to music all day while working and need something that is comfortable to have in for an extended period. I can take these out at the end of the day and my ears are not sore at all. 5 stars!
great quality sound but I do not like the asymmetrical cables. I got these on sale and am content with the purchase but these would be 5/5 if they had equal cable lengths and maybe had a microphone to answer calls with.
I have several earbuds, from the inexpensive, to mid-price to higher price (Etymotic ER6i), and these are definitely the best that I've owned -- especially for the price.  When you use the proper earbud size, the noice isolation is very good, the highs are crisp and clear and the base response is excellent.  I highly recommend these.
Had them for a few weeks and they sound real good. My wife has some Sony ear buds and the sound is not as crisp and full. I would like the cord to be flat instead of round less tangels. Cant go wrong for the price.
This was a horrible purchase the cords are not the same length ...so if you are only wearing a left arm band for your device it doesnt work well....the right ear bud is twice as long as the left..which makes it supremely ackward to have the cords in front of you...ridiculous...And of course THEY DON"T WARN YOU OF THIS.....UGHHHHHHHHH
The Sound is perfect but they are designed to your phone rather than for your computer, sometimes in my laptop when i'm using Skype or listening to music in bed it looses the sound with the movement. If you is other device like phones mp3 or something similar the sound is perfect, you can be isolated easily. Comfortable and good quality
Here's a list of reasons why I dislike these ear phones:-tons of cord noise, slightest movement sounds like 50mph winds knocking the cord around-tons of cord noise means extremely limited useable situations, which means do not even think about using them for running.-not expensive, but not worth the money.  I may not be an audiophile but I would say these aren't even better than stock Apple earbuds.  They excel in some, very few respects but lack greatly in other, namely the bass which is almost non-existent on these earphones.That's about it, I don't expect the world for the price I paid but I'm certain I've purchased better earphones for cheaper from Sony and other brands.
These earbuds are wonderful quality for the price. I had just purchased a pair of Skullcandy Ink'd 2.0 buds when I discovered these. After I bought this pair of earbuds and compared them to the Skullcandy version, I realized just how much better these where. I payed twice what I did for the Skullcandy earbuds to get these, but the quality is just about twice as good so it's worth it. I highly recommend them.
I expected more bass based on the fact that the product title states "Enhanced Bass".  The "highs" are too strong.  They could be more balanced.
it is a little bit expensive than the CX200, not too much improvement. maybe next time i ll choose the CX200, much cheaper and sounds the same
Clear sound, clean, tight bass.  I like these because the have a balanced sound and they're not bass heavy like most earbuds you find nowadays.  Accurate reproduction of the music EQ.
Seriously great sounding earbuds for the price. The sound is really great, and they cancel out a lot of noise. I use them to listen to music while I play drums along to it. The asymmetrical cord isn't too big of a problem, but it can get frustrating when you try to coil them up or wear them with the cord coming down the right side instead of the left. The right angle plug feels sturdy, and the little bag they include is pretty useful for me, because I carry them in my backpack instead of my pockets. Keeps them separated and relatively tangle-free. I'd recommend these to anyone that's still using the earbuds that came with their phone/iPod, because these are leagues ahead of them, at a price that is incredible for what you get.
Don't be fooled by the low price - they're highly discounted for a reason!  The cord tangles and gets caught on everything.  The sound is very "tinny" and high-pitched.  The only good thing about these is that they cancel some outside noise, and the bass is decent.  But you can do much better.  Stay away.
I'm not an audiophile so I cannot explain in technical details but I can assure that these are very good earphone. Puts out great bass as described and the sound quality is better than my Apple earbuds. Earbuds fits my medium sized ear canal like a glove.
Get what you pay for with these.  They are nothing special.  The sound is OK.  The fit isn't bad actually and you only get a few tips (SML).  The noise cancelling/isolation is only so so though.  As in I can still hear my co-workers.  The wires are very thin and round, and one is longer than the other so it doesn't hang symmetrical.  It also means that they knot up very easily and one likes to hit you in the face since they are so light which is very frustrating.  Coming from some more expensive JLABs that died out from a little over a year of hard usage, these are definitely sub par in just about every way possible.
pretty good sound for a cheap pair of buds. just wish the buds were a little small but sounds good. cant wait to see how the sound on the plane
Great-sounding earbuds from a company that always produces quality products. The asymmetrical cords take a little getting used to, but once you do, you appreciate how the cord hangs away from the center of your chest.
The uneven wire length of earbuds is a bit weird. I knew what I was buying but I wasn't sure if I like it. It's not bad but if I wouldn't buy it again. Wrapping it around my palm is a bit weird :) Sound quality is OK, but I am not fancy listener, I won't feel much difference with a pair of $10 in-ears from Chinatown, hence I don't buy $100+ headphones, I won't feel it and they will die within a year like any other cheaper ones so why bother.So far, they work well, if anything happens I will update later.Edit Jan 13: 2014. Well, that didn't last long. Apparently, those are not as resilient as I expected. One ear started to sound a lot quieter than the other. It's not dead yet and there is no crackling noise of the broken cable but the level of the sound in one ear is very low, it's almost like you listening on one side. The only way to hear the other ear is to remove the loud one. Otherwise it feels like it's dead. Will try to replace it on warranty. Too bad my old CX475 died, I wold love to have those again. Knocking off the star. I didn't even use them that heavily :(
The reason I got these was because my brother had them and they where amazing, I had to get another one with in a week because I broke my first pair but I was totally willing to pay for the other pair, that's mow much I love these. They have great bass, and over all I love how snug they fit in my ear. These ear buds are amazing!!!
I do not know why and don't know why my earbuds just turned out to be a 3 feet long caompatible cable.
I think it's the best earphones I can buy within $30. The bass is quite good. If you like Rock and don't want to spend too much, buy this one, no regret.
I love the sound out of these earbuds.  I think the sound could not possibly be any better.  looks durable, and wear under my helmet with a mp3 player. cuts wind noie and music is great for long rides,I will buy this again, if I lose them.
It may be "pilot error" but I had wind noise in these ear buds when I tried them.  The transmit good sound but the breeze whistling was distracting.  Could be I did not use them properly as this was my first pair.
Great HeadphonesReally good sound quality for a great price!!!!!!! thanks and good luck to all of you who are looking to buy
Failed to meet my expectations, did not like the way it is made to go around the neck or however it is designed????
Unbelievable, these ear buds are fantastic! I'll be buying another set very soon for a spare.can't say enough about them.
Expected to much because it is from Sennheisers but for the price it was not worth it and is equivalent to 20$ earphones. Bass is good I guess, over all an "okay" headphone.
Have used these for a decade.Old pair was fine. Found this on amazon and couldn't resist.These cords really dont tangle like other earbuds I've had.Sound is flawless. Fit is the best.Thanks for keeping your qualityHerr Sennheiser.....
Great EarbudsThese are the only earbuds I have found that are comfortable enough to sleep with.  Sound quality is also very good.
OMG, why didn't I buy this before.  Insanely rich and full sound. From a pair headphones that cost only $34.00. I can't just believe it.  I use them mostly with Pandora One on an iPhone 5s.  They sound sooooooooooooooooooooo much better than anything I've put in my ears at this range.  They sound like $300.00 headphones.  Apple Pods are not even close this.  Crystal clear, rich full sound. Super loud, ( had to lower the volume 2 clicks ) compared to Apple's Pods.Just WOW.  The best buy for the money in a long long time!
These are the most comfortable earbuds I've ever tried. The sound quality is great. The cord seems to be coated in a nice rubbery material that won't crack and split over time.
this is the second pair of these I have owned.  I gave the first ones to my daughter.  The fit with the options make these very comfortable. Sound quality is better than buds costing a lot more,  Would buy all over again.
they suffice. i still can't get used to things staying in my ears. sound seemed normal to me. they are better than basic earbuds, though. if you're willing, however, go ahead and splurge on a nicer pair of earbuds/headphones.
We compared the sound to our old Sony earbuds and there was a big difference. This is a great product and the bass is truly outstanding.
I would say the headphones are okay and more or less worth the price you pay for them. I, for one, was a little disappointed by the bass effect of my headphones. Honestly, I was expecting a lot more from my headphones as all the previous headphones I've owned in this price range have been way better when it comes to bass and trebble performance. The sound quality is pretty good though. If you are looking for headphones within the price range $30-40, you should probably go for this model.
I bought these almost three months ago to replace a set of Sennheiser earbuds that had finally broken after more than three years of use and abuse; that model is now discontinued. I ordered these thinking they were the 'next generation' of earbuds, and while the sound and fit are fine, the end that plugs into the jack on your computer/phone/whatever is extremely poorly attached. There is a one-piece L-type joint that is the housing for the jack connection, but it was rather loose when I received them, and it is vary precariously together now. I think that there is probably just the wire holding the jack through the L-joint, and I expect that it will break in the near future. These are nowhere near as durable as my previous Sennheisers, and I'm quite disappointed. I don't recommend buying these if you are going to insert and remove them from devices often.Update (Nov 13, 2013): As of yesterday evening, these are no longer working; I assume it is due to wires breaking in the poorly attached jack joint. Again, DON'T buy these if you plan on inserting and removing them from devices (such as phones) often.
One of the earbuds stopped working within the first few times I wore them.  Sennheiser makes these with one earbud about twice as long as the other causing it to be awkward to wear.  Also, the earbuds don't stay in your ears because of the way they are designed. Junk.
The sound is ok. Not brilliant and the earpiece is too big for my ears. Hurts after an hour of use. I listen to music all day at work. So these weren't for me.
I bought a pair of Sennheiser CX 300B MK II in the beginning of 2012. I loved the quality of the sound. Nice base, loud and clear sound, convenient storage pouch. Recently (Oct 2013) the plug started to rip and I decided to purchase another pair of the same headphones since I was so happy with my first ones. I was unpleasantly surprised by the my second pair. I compared both sets on the same track and the quality was significantly inferior on the new ones. Low sound and poor base were my main complaints. The pouch would also not close completely and was made by low quality materials. I am not sure if this was just a poor quality batch I got or the company decided to cut costs by using low quality materials. With that said I don't think I will be buying that brand again. A consumer is normally looking for consistent quality regardless weather he is buying a loaf of bread or a TV. I did not get the quality I was used to.
I am in love. That is all I have to say about this product. I own the BOSE Quiet Comfort Q15 earphones, which are too big and cumbersome for the gym, so I decided to order the Sennheiser CX 300B MK II Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds. I cannot believe the music quality coming out of my ears. And that bass! I am very pleased.
I bought a pair of Sennheiser CX 300B MK II in the beginning of 2012. I loved the quality of the sound. Nice base, loud and clear sound, convenient storage pouch. Recently (Oct 2013) the plug started to rip and I decided to purchase another pair of the same headphones since I was so happy with my first ones. I was unpleasantly surprised by the my second pair. I compared both sets on the same track and the quality was significantly inferior on the new ones. Low sound and poor base were my main complaints. The pouch would also not close completely and was made by low quality materials. I am not sure if this was just a poor quality batch I got or the company decided to cut costs by using low quality materials. With that said I don't think I will be buying that brand again. A consumer is normally looking for consistent quality regardless weather he is buying a loaf of bread or a TV. I did not get the quality I was used to.
I am in love. That is all I have to say about this product. I own the BOSE Quiet Comfort Q15 earphones, which are too big and cumbersome for the gym, so I decided to order the Sennheiser CX 300B MK II Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds. I cannot believe the music quality coming out of my ears. And that bass! I am very pleased.
I brought this expecting great bass sound and got NONE!  The sound is crisp & loud but the bass is practically non-existent -- why?  The artist creates their music the way THEY want it to sound and Sennheiser obviously decides "no, we don't like bass level, take it as low as possible."  I swear if I hadn't tossed away all the packaging, I would return these ASAP.  Next pair will be Bose, I own 3 sets of their speakers and I know their headphones will be as great.
I usually use BOSE in ear buds and decided to try save some cash and these did not really do it - ended up buying BOSE again. Dont really fit well in my ear - Not a fan of the asymmetrical cords either. Sound quality was decent if you stuff it far enough down your ear.
I am using the earbuds as I writing this review. Great sound for good price. I have only used it for about a month now so we'll see how long the quality will last.
I like the earbuds very much, but only one set of ear protectors was in the package, which states it contains multiple sets of them.
better than i expected, only think i didnt like was that one headphone cord is alot shorter than the other one. other than that great buy
I wasn't looking for acoustic perfection in a pair of earbuds that cost $30.  I wanted headphones that sounded decent, that would be durable enough to hold up in my backpack, and get me through school.  These seem to fit the bill so far.  When I first popped them in, I thought they were a little bass-heavy (I know that companies sometimes boost the bass to impress less discerning ears), but I've gotten used to them. The clarity and precision isn't superb, but like I said, that's not what I was looking for this time.I was glad to see the different size adapters and after figuring out which ones fit best, I find I can wear these buds for hours and hardly notice they're there. Very comfortable. The sound isolation was a little better when I had the bigger size adapters on, but I found them to be a little uncomfortable over time, so I opted for the medium size in favor of the comfort. The pouch might be small thing for some, but I'm really glad to have it. Works great to keep these things from getting tangled up in my backpack. The asymmetrical cord was strange to me at first, but I really like it now. It's a nice feature when you put the right-side-cord behind your neck and only have the left side going down to your audio device.Overall, if you're like me and are tired of your cheap headphones that fall apart after a couple months in a backpack, these will be perfect for you.  They're definitely worth the amazon price of 30 bucks.
Hats off to Ted S and his November 17, 2011 Review of these cans! Ted has forgotten more than I know and his review was spot on! Thanks for such a thorough and accurate review. I have thoroughly enjoyed these ear buds. The sound quality is stunning and I own 7 buds! Simply put, I love them!
I've been looking for a pair of cheaper earphones to stick in my gym bag and take to workouts.  Several other models that I bought suffered greatly from problems brought on by cheap construction -- an irregularly sized connection plug on one, very tinny sound for more than one, annoying electronic buzzing with movement of the cord, etc.  I should have started my search with Sennheiser.  This earphone provides nice sound in a sturdy design.  No buzzing. Decent highs and lows. These are not symphony hall quality phones, of course, but the sound and the range of the sound is just fine for casual listening.  The only surprise was that the cords are asymmetrically set, so that the wire to the earbud on one side is significantly shorter than the wire to the other earbud. This makes it easy to use the phones connected to a player device clipped or strapped to an arm or on a side of the body, and the design provides less flapping wire on that side.  The phones also come with a small pouch that makes them easy to transport.For the price, these earphones provide a really decent sound and no problems.
I guess I was expecting more from Sennheiser having owned some of their higher end cans for my work so i was a little let down that they just sound like a decent set of ear buds. To be fair I have never heard a set of ear buds that impress me. They are either decent with nice all around sound or crappy which means tinny with a lot of buzz or overly muddy to fake bass response, but none of them are going to inspire awe in someone who works with audio on a regular basis.So really what I think is important when it comes to buds is comfort and the Senns win big points there.They come with 3 sets of gummies for different sized ears and once you figure out which pair you like they fit and stay in very nicely with no pain after 5-6 hours. I even wear them to bed and lay on my side.My wife has tiny ears and she typically hates ear buds but she looked genuinely surprised when she popped these in and said they were comfortable.I kinda like the way one ears cord is slightly shorter than the other, not only does it help them stay untangled but it makes knowing right from left really easy at a glance or even a quick feel in the dark.I bought a separate case for them that allows me to wrap the cord around a center spindle. the included bag is kind of a joke but to be honest I haven't really given it a try.Overall I'm pretty happy with them, I just needed something for my tablet when I'm watching movies in a quiet room or on a plane and these do the job nicely. The sound is on par with other good pairs of ear buds, I have no complaints about them at all.Like I said, with the Sennheiser name I was expecting to be blown away but really they're just a good set of buds.So to sum em up:Good soundVery comfortable and customizable with 3 sets of plugsDon't tangle easilyCarrying case included.I can't really think of any negatives. I use them daily and like em a lot. They're not my Open Ear, Circum Aural HD's but they are a solid pair of comfortable ear buds, they stay in, deliver good sound and don't hurt my ears. No problems with them so far and they've seen a lot of use so the build quality seems pretty sturdy.Good buy.
For earbuds, these work well. The bass is just okay, but these ARE earbuds, not around-the-ear headphones. I don't care much for the different lengths of cable on each bud because it puts too much pressure on the shorter piece.
(Not an audiophile, but I am someone who appreciates crisp clear audio and punchy, but non-overpowering, bass.)For this price point, these headphones are awesome.  I have bought two pairs.  These headphones produce extremely clean clear audio.  The bass is not overpowering but very neat and punchy.  I have heard song details with these headphones that I have never heard before.Exercise:  I have used these for working out (weight training).  They are excellent and stay in well.  I do not know how they do for running.  If you sweat a lot, you will want to wear these on top of an undershirt in order to prevent water damage from the sweat.Note 1:  For best results, you will want the ear buds to be fully inserted (and isolated) into the ear ways.  This produces best bass and sound.  But this may be unsafe for driving or walking in crowds, traffic, etc.--------Review Edit (14 January 2013):  Durability is questionable.  Recently the plug on my headphones came apart :(  The L-shaped plug is useful -- but due to its shape, it seems that it is vulnerable to wear.  In particular, the rubber covering of my plug detached from the metal connector and severed the wires inside.
These things sound great, especially when you consider the price.  Great value.  Plenty of low frequency thump, yet they still sound very clear and precise, due to having plenty of high and mid-high frequency output.  Basically, you hear all the detail you could want to hear.  I have a set of Skullcandy Titan earbuds, similarly priced, with a larger driver, and they put out a little more bass, but they sound a lot muddier, because they have little in the way of high frequency output.By the way, don't buy bass enhanced earbuds for use with a headphone amp on an electric bass guitar.  Totally unnecessary.
I didn't realize that one of the heaphones was suppose to be smaller then the other until I read in on the details behind the design of the headphones. Other then that, I'm pleased with the sound quality, I hope they last me a very long while.
Having one earbud have a longer cord than the other is a pain. Great sound quality though, I probably wouldn't buy these again though.
These earbuds are great!!  I can't say enough good things about them.  Let me see where to start, I primarily use them with my Samsung Galaxy Note 2.  I downloaded a Equalizer application to the phone made by Smart Android Apps LLC that works really well, and for my MP3 player I am currently using PlayerPro Music Player.  I will not go into the technical specs on the earbuds because I'm sure you can see that in another review.  Instead let me tell you about the sound of the music.I listened to different kinds of music that I have loaded on my memory card (64GB and at this writing over 6,000 song of different genera) and also streaming music.  They sound equally good when listening to Jimi Hendrix, Pantara or Sevendust.  I tried them with Aretha Franklin, Anita Baker, Eva Cassidy, Kenny Loggins and Alice Russell to great satisfaction.  In listening to Teddy Pendergrass, Kurt Elling, Take 6 and Anointed I was just blown away.  But, what a pleasure to listen to B.B. King, Buddy Guy, Michael Bloomfield and Bobby 'Blue' Bland.  You can listen to the Mahavishnu Orchestra, Jeff Beck, Carlos Santana, and Allan Holdsworth and not be disappointed in the least.  Pandora streaming service sounds really good.My wife ask must I ware them 24 hours a day, and as a matter of fact they are so comfortable I forget I have them on.  Of course I told her yes, as I am currently streaming on Tunein Radio "This American Life 24/7" (smile).  And yes they sound great!  As I said in the beginning of this review, I just can not say enough good thing about my satisfaction with these earbuds!  I highly recommend them for the great sound and the price can''t be beat.  Oh, I let my 21 year old daughter listen to them, and she said "I don't know why they came out with the Beats by Dre".
So far so good. Clear sound without overpowering or hurting my ear. Base sound is esp good for an ear bud. Chord has rubbery feel to it. I'm actually pleasantly surprise with this earbud. Definitely worth the try.
I rarely review products, but feel the need to say 'these are awesome'. I am by no means an audiophile, but find the tonal qualities of these 'phones  much better than the V-Moda's they are replacing.I listen to music all day while working and need something that is comfortable to have in for an extended period. I can take these out at the end of the day and my ears are not sore at all. 5 stars!
great quality sound but I do not like the asymmetrical cables. I got these on sale and am content with the purchase but these would be 5/5 if they had equal cable lengths and maybe had a microphone to answer calls with.
These ear buds are the best ones that I've used within this price range. I actually like the uneven length of the cord so that it goes behind your head. Some do not like that, but it's practical when you don't want a dangling cord in your way if you are doing something that involves a lot of moving about or moving your arms. The sound quality is fantastic. Sure, it's not as good as the really high end headphones, but it's more than you could possibly ask for at this price. The noise reduction is also extremely effective. I used this while riding on lawnmower, and it was astounding how well I could hear my music and how much it drowned out the mower. I've had this for over a year and a half, and I do not plan on looking for a new one anytime soon. It's also really good for running. I've had problems in the past with ear buds falling out, but this one stays right in place! I do not think the bass is too excessive, and I listen to a variety of music from electronic to classical stuff and these headphones capture everything that I could hope to hear. I always recommend these to whoever is looking for a set of ear buds. If I ever need a new pair in the future (like if someone stole mine because they're so awesome), then I would undoubtedly buy the same exact pair.
Pretty dece, they block out sound, and sound dece for an earbud. Would buy again if I lost them. I originally demo'd them at skate city, and they completely blocked out the 2-chainz song, so that sold me.
The headphones are comfortable and have nice sound quality (although I  am not an audiophile ). My only complaint is they were a little uncomfortable to sleep with
Excellent sound for the price! Love that they came with a small pouch to store them in. I love them!
Cheap knockoffs, Sounds terrible. My $20 Skullcandy's are better sounding than these. Would never ever recommend to anyone ever Period.
I was actually surprised by the sound quallity these had. I was effy on having an asymmetrical cord but now that I hav tried it I probably wont go back to regular cords.  Theses are the best earbuds for the price
it is a good product with a useful bagit grants good soundsmall problem: wires tend to wind up
Think of the cheapest pair of Panasonic earbuds out there, dress them up in a Sennheiser box and charge through the nose for them.That is what you will get. I did not send them back because I had already destroyed the box and it wasnt worth my time. I have down time, hence the review. Amazon, please remove this particular product...I am sure the authentic product is great. The pair I received were noticeable knock offs; they even rattled when you shook them.
I love these things!  They fit well, sound as good as anything else I've tried, even the horribly priced BEATS and Bose brands.  I'm a huge fan and now own three other pair of Senheiser's.  The enhanced bass isnt as good as I was hoping for, the sport buds made for Adidas by Senheiser definitely beat these.  But again for the price, the sound is awesome!
Great product. Made in Germany. Very little, nice bass and clear sound. Use them at work and at the gym. Still going strong.
The reason I got these was because my brother had them and they where amazing, I had to get another one with in a week because I broke my first pair but I was totally willing to pay for the other pair, that's mow much I love these. They have great bass, and over all I love how snug they fit in my ear. These ear buds are amazing!!!
I do not know why and don't know why my earbuds just turned out to be a 3 feet long caompatible cable.
great product for the price. The are not as good as the Bose that i previously had but the definitely do not have the price tag either. I would recommend this product.
I got these a few weeks ago, and I love these earbuds. I have really small ears (I can't even jam in the standard Apple earbuds), and the smallest set of earbud covers fits into my ear canal perfectly! They have great sound and significant passive noise reduction, even without anything playing. They're so comfortable I find excuses to put them in my ears even if I wouldn't normally want to listen to something. Great value, would definitely buy again.
One ear bud was shorter than the other so fit wasn't correct.  As for any noticeable bass it just wasn't there.  I noticed on other posts there are counterfeit Sennheiser out there, I'm betting I got just that.  Really brought down my thoughts about buying anything on Amazon.
Outstanding quality. They rival the sound of my beats ear buds.For those who are more particular, you should be aware that the wiring is in the shape of a U (one ear cord is long than the other) not the typical V wire structure. I've found it actually works great for running because you can have the cord go behind your neck, not under your chin. This avoid having the cord jumping around uncomfortably.
I just purchased these for only $30 and I really love the sound quality, though the description says "Precision Enhanced Bass", the bass is not overwhelming or muffled. It is very crisp and overall  a very nice feature. I love the clarity too, it sounds like over the ear headphones but compacted down into a nicely fitting earbud. So glad I purchased it, would recommend to others or as a gift!
I have a pair of over-the-ears Sennheiser headphones, and the quality and comfort of those is excellent, perfect really.  So when it came down to choosing between these Sennheiser earbuds or another company for a similiar price, I went ahead and went with the company I knew and had a good product from.  It was not what I expected, however.I gave these earbuds 3 stars for the simple fact that they work; there's nothing particularly dysfunctional about them.  But I'm a bit of an audiophile, so the first thing I noticed was that the sound quality was somewhat muffled and flat.  I figured maybe it was just me being picky, so I gave it some time to see if it would "go away".  It has not.  Further, even though these are advertised as having excellent bass production, it's not actually that spectular; it's just "above average".  The flatness in tone I mentioned is mostly in mid to high tones.The second thing I don't particularly like about these earbuds (and this might just be me), but they're rather small and shapeless.  This is a problem for a few reasons: first, I'm a tall guy, with big long fingers, so removing earbuds like this becomes something just short of a surgical procedure.  And if you're wearing gloves when one of the buds comes out?  Forget about putting it back in with the glove on.  Further, becasue they're so small and shapeless, there's nothing, other than the silicon "cup" around the speaker, that holds the earbud in place, which means sometimes it can slide around and get uncomfortable.On a more personal note from experience: these earbuds tend to be rather "middle of the road" in quality.  My first good earbuds were from Sony for $60 (I think they're since discontinued); AWESOME sound quality, had extra large bass drivers, fit snuggly against the back of the earlobe.  Only reason I'm not using them much anymore is because I busted them up pretty bad ... but even my Samsung brand earphones that came with my Galaxy S4 are better than these Sennheiser's.  The Samsung's lack deeper bass production, but make up for it with a comfortable shape and excellent mid and high tone production.  The latest version of Apple's iPod / iPhone earbuds aren't bad ...excellent tonal range and quality, slightly better shape and comfort, but still lack good bass and snug fit.
The problem is not with the Sennheiser ear phones, which are actually an outstanding product. The problem is that the supplier selling these through the Amazon site is selling refurbished and defective product. The first one I received came in with ear buds that were 1 foot difference in length! Seemingly, a quality control issue. Thinking it couldn't happen again, I reordered and received an obviouly repackaged product with the exact same defect. Since they are selling through Amazon LLC, they are able to hide who they actually are, or the origin of the product. Unfortunatlely, Amazon, LLC is becoming a marketplace for more and more suppliers with dubious products. 4 of the last 5 orders I have made through the Amazon site for an electronic product have arrived defective.
Before these, I had Sennheiser $15 cheaper, and the sound quality was approximately the same. To compare, its cable looks more protected from rips. And, I believe, it is the only difference. These earbuds are perfect for my workout, they don't fall out.I have to admit Sennheiser always show the best durability and sound for the fair price. And it's the only company that gives guarantee for 2 years. Look up for it before you buy!
Sounds good.Looks good.Everything is good.This is the first time for me using Sennheiser headset, it's out of my expectations.
I was in search for new earbuds after my Panasonic $8 earbuds broke.I noticed that I use earbuds more often now for traveling and such so I was fine with spending a bit more money but not too much and found this. I can say that i'm very satisfied.I'm not a audiophile but the sound quality is the best I've tried out of the other brands.The Bass is very fresh, not too heavy but just right.The sounds are also all very clear, but it might be a bit too high? (Not really sure what to say)Material wise, this isnt the best but its alright... one thing I did like about it the length difference of the left and right.You wrap the right side over your neck so there isn't any cords handing in front of your face.Would recommend!
It is waste money. do not recommend anyone buy it. I am so regret that I bought this headphone and waste money
These headphones are awesome! A much thicker, very noticeable bass sound coming from these earbuds especially in comparison to my old Sony earbuds.My new 37 dollar earbuds out perform my 150 dollar, over the ear Bose headphones. The difference is rather noticable. Shame on you Bose.The goofy cable seemed so stupid at first, I was pretty upset. But then I gave it a chance and I really learned to like the cable. I was eating lunch the other day while listening to my old headphones and the cable was getting caught in my fork. That will not happen with these because of the goofy cable!I am totally impressed.
I am rather disappointed with these earbuds. I have been a long-time fan of Sennheiser products. I feel that the earbuds that came with my iPhone offer better dynamics and better bass delivery. I found the dynamic range of the Sennheiser earbuds to be extremely limited. I do not feel that the bass delivery lives up to the claim.
Sent these back for a refund. Received a bad pair. The cords from the ear piece to where they join into one cord are of uneven length, the left ear bud was over 9 inches shorter than the right ear-bud. Only option was to refund not replace. So I can't judge on sound quality.
When I first use it I could feel the very unbalanced volume between the left side and the right side: the right side obviously much louder than the left side.  No any way to adjust it. I tried with my phone, my laptop, and my iPod - all have the same issue of unbalanced volume.  Unfortunately I have destroy the plastic box in order to get the earphone out so that I will not be able to return this crap...  PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS EARPHONE BECAUSE YOU WILL HURT YOUR EAR AND TOTALLY WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY.
These earphones have lasted me longer than any earphone I have ever had. These also sound better than any earphone I have ever had. Great price too. Will definitely buy these same ones or a newer model if I ever need to.
These are some very good ear buds it may just be me but the  tips aren't very suitable for the active lifestyle but it can be easily fixed with the use of the Comply T-400 Isolation Earphone Tips (Black, 3 Pairs, Medium)
My granddaughter asked for these for Christmas and she loved them when she received them.  No complaints so it met her expectations.
Quality of sound is phenomenal.The compromise of price and quality is as good as it gets.If you're interested in listening to recreational music with great quality, these are the headphones you need.
First thing is first, when i pulled these out of their box. They felt/looked very cheap. The wire's felt like they could snap under the most minor pressure. Needless to say, I've gotten over that.These Ear buds defiantly crank out some serious sounds! I've been hearing instruments I've never heard before, In song's I've listened too a thousand times!There is always room for improvement, but for the price. These dominate. Would highly recommend!
sound quality was adequatebuds were comfortable, able to wear for extended periodsone side quit working after only 6 month of relatively light use.Stored in case.
Good product. The sound is  clear and I am happy with the product. The cord is very long but I like it that way. It is heavy duty and will probably last a long time. The speaker part is a little large and for those that have small ear holes this may be a problem.
When something says "Enhanced Bass", you expect it to have good bass.  This is the exact opposite.  No matter what device I use these with, there is a distinct lack of bass.  I'm not sure how I could be doing something wrong, they fit wonderfully and I love the full size headphones by Sennheiser, I guess I'm just expecting too much.Edit: it appears to be a problem in how I was wearing them.  Slightly adjusting the position so they point higher in the ear made a tremendous difference. There is still the problem of cable noise on my Galaxy S4, but it isn't noticeable when used with my iPod or any of my computers.
I hadn't found go-around-the-neck wire" earbuds for years. That was a suprise to me to find such high-quality earbud with such design.Also, the buds themselves and comfortable and very, very effective: they really kill the outer noise and provide clean bass frequencies.It's worth the price.
Probably the best quality sound I've heard come out of earbuds in this price range. I would definitely recommend these.
If you get a tight fit these really do have a full bass sound.  They also have great separation and tonal clarity in the highs and mids
Great sound.  Mid-range is vibrant.  Vocals and piano sound real good.  Comfortable ear buds.  I would have given 5 stars but there was a minor flaw in the construction.  The right ear bud's wire is 11" longer than the left!  It doesn't affect anything, but looks weird.
The best headphones I've ever owned. The price is great and the sound is even better. I would recommend to everyone.
I bought these earbuds to replace my old Sennheiser CX300-B which finally died after a couple of years of hard use.  I figured the new ones would be a good value, but didn't expect them to sound considerably better than the old version.  You're not going to get better sounding earbuds at this price.
Lasted less than two months before the right earbud stopped working, not surprising considering the wires are paper thin.Sound quality was nothing to write home about, just over priced earbuds that aren't built to last. :(I've had $5 bargin bin JVC earbuds that sounded just as good and lasted years.
These sound great and have alot of bass but you have to make sure they are placed well into the ears
They have been a leader in the stereo headphone business for decades. Why would they not possess the same advantage in producing smaller earbuds?A fair price for an exceptional product.
It's ok, judging by what everyone was saying I thought they would sound amazing, but to be honest my skullcandy fmj's sound betterEDIT: after you break them in they sound great!ALSO TO THE PEOPLE WHO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE CHORD LENGTH YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO PUT THE LONG SIDE AROUND THE BACK OF YOUR NECK, YOU LOOK REALLY DUMB IF YOU JUST LET IT HANG LIKE THAT.But yea great earphones for 30$!
These sound really good, but I expected them to be louder due to their stated high efficiency.  I am hard of hearing (I wear hearing aids) so I need buds to play loud without distorting.  These are only just adequate.
I bought these after reading good things about the brand; I wanted an upgrade from the earbuds that come standard with new iPods. I plugged them into my iPod, and there was no bass whatsoever. I realized that I had the EQ set to "Bass Reducer", so I switched around from EQ to EQ, hoping to improve the sound quality. Even on the EQ setting of "Bass Enhancer", there was still hardly any bass. I switched back and forth from the standard iPod earbuds, back to the Sennheiser ones, and back again. I couldn't believe the lack of sound quality coming from these ~$60 MSRP buds (granted I bought them on sale on Amazon for ~$30). I even plugged them into different sources (Pandora playing on my phone, iTunes playing on my laptop), and still was completely disappointed with the sound quality. Needless to say, I will not be recommending this product to anyone.PRO: They work.CON: In my opinion, terrible sound quality. Also, the "asymmetrical" cord design is a pain and looks awkward.
After being fed up with the quality of cheap earbuds, I sprung for a set of CX 300.  I made sure that when I carry earbuds that I keep them in a pouch and use a Quirky Wrapster to keep them organized.I can't say much about sound, but it does deliver good bass and clarity than the previous ones I used.  It blocks out a lot of noise, which helps with quality.  I did use this during an airplane trip, and I can say it definitely reduced a lot of a droning cabin noise.  Probably not as much as a dedicated noise-cancelling headset, but it's not enough for me to justify buying one.  Just make sure to use the right ear adapters for the noise reduction to be effective.So far, the cables have not frayed yet, but I have been taking care of my earphones as best as I could by using the pouch and a small cable organizer.  The rubber jacket surrounding the plug had split over the wire, but it doesn't interfere with its operation or quality.  In fact, it might have helped make it more flexible.The asymmetric cabling annoys me, but it's no deal breaker.
Amazing quality! There are not many earbuds that offer great sounds the way most headphones can. But these are definitely worth the price. The bass is good for earphones, and it makes listening to your ipod so much better.
I was skeptical at first about the noise-cancelling portion of the description and the price. But I have to admit after a few days, these headphones were worth the price. Both earpieces fit perfectly in the ear canals and even at low volumes with the right music, the sounds block out the majority of the outside noises. This is perfect during rush hour in public transportation with noise around you. I would highly recommend to anyone who wants good quality headphones but do not want to give up an arm and a leg (i.e. Beats).
These headphones have spectacular sound quality for "ear buds." Typically, bass is quite attenuated with small headphones and higher frequencies are too loud relative to the entire spectrum. The shape of the headphone with the rubber cover fits snugly within the outer ear and sufficiently masks external sound.If you find that you use earbuds with an iPhone or iPod all the time, spend a few dollars and buy these.
Love these things. Lost my Skull Candy earbuds and decided to upgrade a bit when I replaced them. Very glad I did. Nothing wrong with my last pair, but the Sennheiser are absolutely amazing!
Having always used headphones that either came with other products or that cost less than $10 I could never understand why people would rave about their far more expensive headphones. But after literally dozens of people recommended me Sennheiser earbuds I decided to give them a try.All I can say is WOW. To have earbuds that actually comfortably stay where they're supposed to, deliver tremendous bass, and don't distort voices is a combination that I didn't think was possible.And best of all they didn't cost an arm and a leg.There is no way I could be any happier with this product.
I haven't tried a ton of earbuds, but I use Sennheiser studio headphones and mics and decided to give these a try before hearing them.  Very pleased - good sound (not flat like the studio headphones, much better for general music listening), good isolation, bass is audible but not muddy or over emphasized.  The asymmetrical cable can be a slight annoyance when jogging, but overall I'm very satisfied.
I have owned many headphones over the years. But these remain my favorites. Good value for the money. NIce sound. VERY comfortable. And I like the "behind the neck" design with one chord shorter than the other. This is my 3rd pair. One died after over use. And now I have two so I can keep one in my car and the other travels with my on other trips.
It is embarrassing to be seen in these earbuds because of the way the cord lays on your person. It looks like you yanked the right earbud out of place and are haplessly wearing your earbuds askew. To explain, the headphones have an asymmetrical "J" design resulting in two issues.1. The weight of the heavy tangle-free main cord is carried solely by your left earbud; resulting in an uncomfortable left earbud and a weightless right earbud.2. The cord to the right earbud, as others have said, is much too long. Resulting in a cord that makes loops across your chest and irritably runs across your neck to meet with the left main cable.
A buddy recommended these to me - they're the highest quality earbud you can get for your money.  The sound is great, decent noise cancellation and they're easy to take with you on long trips.
Just great, not going to write about specs or anything, looking for the Best you will get it with these earbuds.
I'm not a genius on headphones but these are far and away the best earbuds I've ever purchased. If you want to invest in some good ear buds, these are a good option. p.s. are better than my last pair dre tour beats(whichever were the ear bud beats, I can't remember).Edit: Lasted 5 weeks, a tad disappointed, ill take off a star for that. I probably would choose something with better build quality if I were to use ear buds with things such as an ipod/mobile device. These would be perfect for a stationary device.
Currently own some Sennheiser on-ear headphones and decided it was time I added some in-ear pair as well. I was not disappointed, great sound to be expected from a quality brand.
Great sounding earbuds.  These are my workout and lawn mowing earbuds.  Still sound as great as they have when first purchased.
If you like bass in your music, this is for you. The higher ends are a bit iffy though. Although they are Sennheiser, don't expect amazing quality from earbuds, its just impractical. But don't get me wrong, these are really fantastic, and they do fit pretty well.
Great sound quality and noise reduction! You can take beat the price either. I find these seem to last longer than cheaper brands. I love these headphones!
i wish the ear bud cords are adjustable as in both being the same length and one longer than the other.But other than that, it's awesome!!
These might seem to be mid-tier if you're only looking at the price, but they perform much better than many of the more expensive options out there.  Cheaper to replace when you lose them too - about to buy another set!
I chose these earbuds because of the experience I've had with other Sennheiser products, and not disappointed. It's hard to believe this quality of sound coming from earbuds, especially at this price point. The bass and mid are rich and full... the highs crisp and vibrant. When earbuds are wanted for truly portable sounds, these are the ones.
Really solid headphones for the price, noise canceling, don't fall out when running.Only thing I dislike slightly is the asymmetrical sides.  But doesn't bother me that much.
Light weight  delvers a balanced sound and finally allows for some outside sounds  while not degrading music quality. Al at a reasonable price.
I bought these earbuds to replace my old Sennheiser CX300-B which finally died after a couple of years of hard use.  I figured the new ones would be a good value, but didn't expect them to sound considerably better than the old version.  You're not going to get better sounding earbuds at this price.
Lasted less than two months before the right earbud stopped working, not surprising considering the wires are paper thin.Sound quality was nothing to write home about, just over priced earbuds that aren't built to last. :(I've had $5 bargin bin JVC earbuds that sounded just as good and lasted years.
I love Sennheiser products, this one is just ok, nothing special, glad I didnt pay a lot for them.the px 100 have increadble sound for the price. (over the ear)
These are the best earbuds I have ever owned.  The noise isolation and frequency response are terrific!  The price-to-quality is also very good. I consider Sennheiser products the Ferrari of audio.
I don't understand why everyone gave this brand such high ratings.  I personally think the free ones that came with my phone sound better.  The worst part is that one side is longer than the other.  The different lengths drive me crazy.
Very nice bass, wears comfortably, until one week later one ear went out..... The wiring inside the plastic handle of the jack seems loose and that one ear will only work if I bend it a certain way. I love the look of this set, very chic and small and elegant, hence the two starts.
When I got these,  I was excited to have some quality headphones at a low price. But after a week of usage, the left ear-bud fritz out due to poor wiring  and now I have a broken pair. I'm willing to give Sennheiser another chance but to say at the least I am very disappointed.
It's really worth for this price, much better than something like "BEATS" OR MONSTER. LOVE SENNHEISER, HIGH RATE OF USER LOVE IT
Good sound, not too pricey as I seem to go through headphones quickly. We will see if these are better constructed than my last set.
I purchased the Sennheiser earbuds after trying multiple brands & styles in the under $200 range.My last purchase was the Klipsch Image S4 and good luck getting those to fit in both ears! Sound was respectable, but they just were not quite what I was looking for. When I first plugged in the Sennheiser'sthe powerful sound was impressive. Then I activated my DSP Manager I use on my HTC ONE and the tight low frequency response these are capable of is astounding to say the least.The cord is a little flimsy so I bought 3 more pair just in case. They Are That Good!Sennheiser is my " last stop " for earbuds purchasing under $200.
I want to thank you so much for your help.  I was looking for earplugs for my grandson and not knowing a thing about them i called  and also read......I told him  I had purchased these and he thought I did a bad thing .....But I proved him young he was very impressed that grandma bought GREAT ONES.....LOL Especially the bass.....After all grandma knows nothing at all and he does being a whole 18 years old.....HAHA  thanks
I hate earbuds because there is no technology to give you really great sound.I guess these are middle-of-the-road earbuds.  Not sure if they're worth $30.  Useless for music.  Even still kind of annoying for podcasts.  But I find this to be true for nearly all earbuds.  I also think the hundred dollar iPhone earbuds I had were crap as well.  Not only did they not sound that good, they electrocuted my ears when I sweated.Also, these headphones are geared so you wrap one around your neck.  The length of one side is longer than the other.  I don't know if I like that or not yet.
Well I love them!They really block the noise around you, that's great!It's helpful when you are on the bus and you really don't wanna hear anyone around you, or at the gym when you don't want to hear the annoying music they play.I dislike a little bit that the right cable is longer so it has to go on the back of your neck ... but well that's the design and it works just fine.The packaging is very very neat, it looks very fine, I was thinking that this would be the best gift!
I have the "old" version of these headphones, which are also for sale on Amazon. I love them! They're indestructible, and they sound great! These earbuds have (accidentally) gone through the washer twice, and still sound as good as the day I got them. Sennheiser quality sound, Sennheiser performance!
I got them for a great price and they sound fantastic. They're very bassy and pretty noise-canceling. They come in a nice carrying pouch and have 2 different sized ear buds to attach, one large, one small. I would recommend these.
I bought these earbuds and a set of Klipsch s4As at about the same time. The Klipsch earbuds arrived first so I had experience with them when the Sennheiser's arrived. Both sets are good, but I prefer the Sennheisers because they provide much better bass than the Klipsch earbuds.
I did very little research on what to get for ear buds and found these on sale on amazon with great reviews. so far these are the best ear buds ive used for under 60 bucks. great sound for the price
The bass of this product is amazing. For its price, why would people even waste extras for them fancy brands. Quality for such a price is what counts. Noice.
I was a bit disappointing for the first few days, as they do have a burn in period as such.  However, afterward, good god they are amazing.  I have owned almost a dozen pairs of midrange headphones, and these blow them away.  The channel separation is pro quality.  When I turn up the bass range of the equalizer, I am always confident they will provide high fidelity lows without overcoming the treble or midrange.  My bro has a pair of $600 sennheisers and his look unpleasant when he heard how mine were almost as good for sooo much less!
When I lost these headphones. They are amazing. They're my favorite earbuds I've ever owned, and for the price they're well worth it. I listen to lots of EDM and what's prompted me to re-buy them was earlier today I was listening to a favorite song of mine, and realized that I was only getting about half of the experience out of my $10 earbuds. I also tried the highly-rated SoundSoul ones and truthfully nothing compares to the CX 300B.I was torn between this and the Sony MDR-EX210B, but what ultimately resulted in me buying these again was the build quality. People have complaints about the wires on the Sony, and I know that these Sennheiser wires are sturdy. So here I am, back again. Get these.
I'm pretty picky about headphones, and really liked the first version of the cx300's until i cut the cord by accident.  I had heard some mixed reviews on the mkIIs but gave them a shot.  Excellent bass response and very natural sounding, would definitely buy again.  The cables are a little thin but fairly tough.
I couldn't get these to stay in my ears no matter what.The sound quality when held carefully in place is just mediocre. There is relatively little depth, soundstage, bass, etc.Too bad Sennheiser put their name on these when their other products are really pretty good sounding.
These headphones have spectacular sound quality for "ear buds." Typically, bass is quite attenuated with small headphones and higher frequencies are too loud relative to the entire spectrum. The shape of the headphone with the rubber cover fits snugly within the outer ear and sufficiently masks external sound.If you find that you use earbuds with an iPhone or iPod all the time, spend a few dollars and buy these.
Love these things. Lost my Skull Candy earbuds and decided to upgrade a bit when I replaced them. Very glad I did. Nothing wrong with my last pair, but the Sennheiser are absolutely amazing!
Having always used headphones that either came with other products or that cost less than $10 I could never understand why people would rave about their far more expensive headphones. But after literally dozens of people recommended me Sennheiser earbuds I decided to give them a try.All I can say is WOW. To have earbuds that actually comfortably stay where they're supposed to, deliver tremendous bass, and don't distort voices is a combination that I didn't think was possible.And best of all they didn't cost an arm and a leg.There is no way I could be any happier with this product.
I haven't tried a ton of earbuds, but I use Sennheiser studio headphones and mics and decided to give these a try before hearing them.  Very pleased - good sound (not flat like the studio headphones, much better for general music listening), good isolation, bass is audible but not muddy or over emphasized.  The asymmetrical cable can be a slight annoyance when jogging, but overall I'm very satisfied.
I have owned many headphones over the years. But these remain my favorites. Good value for the money. NIce sound. VERY comfortable. And I like the "behind the neck" design with one chord shorter than the other. This is my 3rd pair. One died after over use. And now I have two so I can keep one in my car and the other travels with my on other trips.
It is embarrassing to be seen in these earbuds because of the way the cord lays on your person. It looks like you yanked the right earbud out of place and are haplessly wearing your earbuds askew. To explain, the headphones have an asymmetrical "J" design resulting in two issues.1. The weight of the heavy tangle-free main cord is carried solely by your left earbud; resulting in an uncomfortable left earbud and a weightless right earbud.2. The cord to the right earbud, as others have said, is much too long. Resulting in a cord that makes loops across your chest and irritably runs across your neck to meet with the left main cable.
A buddy recommended these to me - they're the highest quality earbud you can get for your money.  The sound is great, decent noise cancellation and they're easy to take with you on long trips.
Just great, not going to write about specs or anything, looking for the Best you will get it with these earbuds.
I'm not a genius on headphones but these are far and away the best earbuds I've ever purchased. If you want to invest in some good ear buds, these are a good option. p.s. are better than my last pair dre tour beats(whichever were the ear bud beats, I can't remember).Edit: Lasted 5 weeks, a tad disappointed, ill take off a star for that. I probably would choose something with better build quality if I were to use ear buds with things such as an ipod/mobile device. These would be perfect for a stationary device.
Currently own some Sennheiser on-ear headphones and decided it was time I added some in-ear pair as well. I was not disappointed, great sound to be expected from a quality brand.
I use these everyday at the gym and they are comfortable and the sound is great.  I don't have to listen to the nonsense coming from Fox news now.
These headphones have good vallue - good bang for the buck. Great bass sound - way better than the cheap headphones most people use.
I have a cemetery casket of dead headphones, and these are durable enough for manly daily use, and good enough to listen to for a long time.
The earbuds are in my opinion very good for the money. Excellent noise reduction, with super clear audio. An excellent choice for anyone wanting a good set of earbuds that want break the bank. The carry case is very handy also, keeps them clean and handy in your pocket.
I've searched high and low for earbuds that are effective at noise reduction for commuting and working in a noisy office. I've tried more expensive models in the $50-$150 range and can say that these are better than any of those and for a much better price!  Our household has a pair for every family member.Be somewhat careful about storage because the wires can be sensitive. I abused them (slept in them, stuffed them in my pockets and purse) for over 18 months before some of the sound quality was compromised in one bud.  I'm sure if they are properly cared for this wouldn't happen.  I'll be buying another pair to replace.
I love these.  Although this is my thrid time buying them, because the wire gets stretched out, being as delicate as it is,
I got this for my birthday and I had my eye on these headphones for a lonnng time. I just hate the asymmetrical cords...
These have been discontinued. Not sure why because they are Great!! I actually ordered 2 sets. If you have found a better one for the price post it. Heads up they have an asymmetrical cord to the ears. Love that because I don't want any cords flapping in front of me getting in the way
...man do these lines like to get tangled. Have to be somewhat careful in how you store them to prevent untangling the next time you use them. The speaker housing looks and feels cheap, at least compared to my old Jbud's aluminum chassis. But the sound quality from the CX's is far superior to the Jbud's. A great sounding product for the money but understand your buying for the impressive audio, not the material quality.
I like the design, and it is a very reliable in-ear headphone. However, the sound quality is not what I expected. I prefer the klipsh s70. Although it is more expensive, the sound quality is way better than this.
Great product... the bass could be better, but for the price its a great product, the bag to keep the headphone is great
I bought these earbuds to play jazz and some classical but mostly because of the brand name and have not been disappointed. They have a well-balanced sonic output and would probably scramble your brain if played too loud. Bass response always depends on proper fit in the ear. Make sure you install the best fitting adapters to get the best performance.
I am not an audiophile. These are my first non apple earbuds, as I felt like an upgrade in sound. I heard that Sennheiser was a good brand, and got these for 35 dollars. I am not disappointed. The sound is very clear,and has a noticeable difference to cheap earbuds. For the price, I am pretty sure that you could not get better sound. The only strange thing to me was the uneven cables,that idea didn't make sense. I also wish it had a microphone. Overal, these are great for music, and I would highly recommend them.
I just wish I had bought head phones these kind hurt my ears. This is nothing wrong with these earbuds its my ears are the problem, Great
I've been using my GS3 headphones for a year until I left them in my pocket and washed the pants. A friend recommended these so I gave them a try and I was blow away by the quality. Compared to the GS3 headphones these are amazing.
Didn't expect one side to be longer than the other but it's all good and handy. Glad to have them.
These are my first earbuds, and they sit in my ear reasonably well with one of the three ear-rubber-things that come with the headphones. The sound quality is good, especially if you aren't moving around too much--what I mean by this is that earbuds pick-up on all the low-frequency "thuds" that occur as the wires of the headphones hit your clothes and shake as you walk or do any motion, and these are a bit annoying. However, these "thuds" have nothing to do with these Sennheisers in particular--I think they're idiosyncratic to all earbuds.The reason this product has a 3 star rating from me is the material they used to cover the wires of the headphones. It's this black, "matte" material, which is super friction-y. This causes the wires to stick a little bit to any part of your body, and pull the earbuds out of your ears. For example, these earbuds are designed with the right earbud wire much longer than the left, so that you can wear them behind your neck--however, if you try to turn your head while wearing them, the friction-y wire material will rub against the back of your neck and pull the right earbud out.Overall, the sound quality is good, but they won't stay in my ears because of the constant pull from the sticky wire hitting my clothes.
I love the sound and the price was affordable...this is the second earphone that i purchased. i loved it..i can recommend this to my friends.
This headphones are amazing, im a guitar player and sometimes i like to play guitar with guitar rig so i plug in my laptop and use this headphones, sounds amazing.
I can't say enough positive about these. They sound simply AMAZING! I use them with my Nexus 4 running Neutron Media Player. The sound is simply stunning! 24bit lossless audio is crisp and full of depth.I've paid half the cost of these for skull candys (that always brake) and my lord does an extra $20 get you waaaaay better sound.My only "issue" is why is the left sides' cord half that of the right side? I received what I thought was a bad pair and the main middle wire came loose within one week of use. Amazon was quick to fix this. When I got the new ones the left side was STILL half the length as the right side. I can't find the logic. I've been a Sennheiser supporter for years and am stumped.On a funny note, it's actually a GOOD thing as I have a full beard 6inch and growing and the way these are made are perfect for me.Get these!!!
I bought a pair of these a few years ago and wore them until the connection at the plug end wore out (the wires seem to fray on the inside from bending at their connection with the plastic around the jack). The slightly newer version seems to have added a bit of reinforcement to that plug end, but I guess we'll see how long that lasts. These are great headphones for the price.
These sound good, are reasonably comfortable, and are reasonably comfortable.  Honestly, I prefer my JBuds and these cost a bit more.
good bass--If you can keep the headphones tight in ur ears. that's the hard part. getting ear 'sponge' parts that keep them tight in your ears.
I work in music, and I've been using the CX300 for about 6 years now. They are by far my favourite for fit, design, and value.  I've also got the Apple in-ear headphones (the $79 ones) and a pair of Klipsch S4i.  All of these are great headphones, but for sheer value and versatilit these offer excellent sound.  Would buy another in a heartbeat.
These earbuds were great, I just messed them up though jumping out of the way of a car. Wire got pulled and ripped off...Before that though, they worked great. One thing to be mindful of is that if the silicon earbuds are small and you will not hear anything unless your volume is VERY low.That is not why I almost died, but its a reminder to you peoples. LOL
Everything I expected the item to be, great sound quality and great for running. The ear buds DO NOT slip out while running.
its ok beacuse sennheiser. sennheiser company is old and powerful for headphones but v moda is best in the world
I got these as a gift for my birthday last year.  I was looking for great sound in a small package, and this is the one that you should pick.  The sound is awesome.  The bass is impressive, and the over all quality is great.
Pretty clear and great sound! has a great bass and sound I can hear very clear in the noisy subway ;)
I really enjoyed these ear buds. The bass and sound quality is very good and i got them for very cheap. Only problem I would say is the different length of the left and right ear bud, and they wont stay in my ear when i use them when i am active. Other than that they are very good.
I've owned several high end earbuds, these are the best.  The range and depth of sound is superb.  The highs in particular are very crisp and distinct.  Mid-tones and bass are excellent.  Excellent build quality.  The input connector is substantial, durable, very well made.  The soft rubber ear cushions are pliable, come in different sizes, snug fit without causing pain after prolonged use.  I personally like the asymmetrical yoke (the lead to the right earbud is longer than the left).  This configuration tends to minimizetangles with clothing and other objects, easy to conceal.  I use my earbuds at night, with the asymmetrical yoke I can quickly tell which is the right earbud, which is the left.  Next time I upgrade Sennheiser will be my first consideration.
The clear treble, the awesomeness of Bass... Truly a wonderful piece of tech by Sennheiser. One of the best purchases I have done on Amazon
The sound quality is average, I was a little bit disappointed how my apples ear buds sound better. The only good thing about this ear bud is that it offers pretty decent sound isolation. The sound is kinda muffled and not really clear.
This is the second pair I have purchased from Amazon.  The sound quality is decent, the fit is comfortable.I am satisfied with the purchase,
Bought these cause I read all the good reviews so I bought them. Waited for 1 week got them I opened the packaging and they're defective. Tried to get another pair but they were out of stock.
Got the because my skullcandy broke down after a couple of year. They don't have the bass of the skullcandy, still they sound pretty neat.
I loved this product when I got it. Clear sound, comfortable fit. My favorite earbuds that I've owned so far, however 6 months later the left earbud is going on me. All I do is walk to work with these in and use them in the office. I'm not at the gym sweating all over the earbuds or anything that could be considered extreme use, but alas, they're starting to fail me.Again, loved the sound and fit, but durability isn't a strong suit, which is why I'm only giving them three stars.
i bought these so i could have something to wear at night while i was in bed. fantastic sound. punchy bass and highs never got tinny. protip: do not let these run through the washer and dryer, as it destroys them and they no longer sound good D=
The first thing I want to say about these is how infuriatingly easily this cord tangles. It's maddening. I had to buy "bobino" (the smallest size) at Container Store to deal with it.I've had these for a while, but finally got a different set of earbuds so a one-to-one comparison can be made.Equipment: NuForce uDAC USB headphone amp + flac or 320 kbps MP3s in VLC.Comparing: Sennheiser HD600 headphones, Sennheiser CX300II earbuds, NuForce NE-650M earbuds.First impression: it's staggering how different they all are.Sennheiser CX300II: by far the warmest, with the most mids. Highs very clear, bass well defined, but something is slightly off. The entire sound coloring feels a bit strange, almost muddy. Perhaps just very warm.NuForce NE-650M (slightly cheaper): very clear, providing excellent, really wide soundstage. Less mid-range in exchange for the sharpness and slightly over-exaggerated bass (the most bass of the three), feeling a bit aloof or cold because of that. All in all, excellent choice for the price.Sennheiser HD600 ($$$): as expected, nothing can touch these cans. The most any earbud can claim is not sucking completely in comparison, and these certainly stood the test, but unlike anything else, you just never want to take HD600s off.
This was the 3rd Sennheiser CX 300 II I've bought, when I lost one I simply realize that I can't enjoy listening to music anymore with the others and end up buying a new one. Good for travels, working out and daily use. I bought mine for a cheap price on Amazon from 'Axecorp', worrying if it's a fake until I got it, and it was genuine.
Good sound, very comfortable. Had Sennheiser MX550 previously so these are the first in ear buds and are very comfortable. Happy with the purchase.
I'm not a huge fan of earbuds or headphones, so I didn't pay too much attention to what I was using.I would get some Sony or Panasonic earbuds for 20 bucks.This time I saw these on sale for $30 something, so decided to try.I can say that Sennheiser CX 300B MK is way better that anything I tried before. But still, I much prefer my car sub.
They were no where near as good as you'd thing for the money they cost. Boring, average sound quality and they taste terrible.
The ear buds sound excellent with deep bass, however, I cannot get them to stay comfortably in my ears.  I much prefer the CX 215 ear buds that sound pretty much the same but have a little 'handle' on the back of the bud to help place them in the ear canal.  For whatever reason, the 215s fit better and stay in better.
and he loves it =)I was replacing his old ones that a dog chewed up and he was excited to get these. His last pair lasted him more than 6 years. If the dog hadn't chewed it up, it would probably still be kicking.
They work very well on the planes in blocking most of the noise. Not quite noise canceling but they are easier to carry.  The first pair I bought lasted for over three years.  Those cost me almost twice as much as this pair.
nice set of ear phones would suggest but the bass of the gear does not sound deep and strong but it does keep outside noise out
left side did not work just after 6 months using,  it's not worth the price, the sound is good but the quality is so poor.
I don't think these earbuds are particularly comfortable, but they produce really good sound for their price.The reason for 3 stars is the stupid cord. I really didn't think the uneven lengths for each ear would bother me but its terrible. The left ear bud is half as long as the right, and it gets pulled out constantly.
My first product from Sennheiser and I'm in love. Sound is incredibly clear with great bass all the way though.
I'm no audiophile, but I know a great pair of headphones when I hear them.And these are Amazing!!!I bought these to replace my Beats by Dre and love these way more.  From the first time I put them on, I was impressed!They're great for commuting around NYC.  Totally cancel out the noise and let you enjoy whatever music's playing.Recommended them to a friend and she LOVES them too.
he really loves these headset ear buds, he is a runner and workouts they stay put...he says he will always recommend them
Heres my review almost a year later, these earbuds still sound great and the wire hasn't twisted likehedphone wires normally do. i take it out of my pocket several times to change the song. Im surprised they still work, usually headphones last me a bout 3 months.
I would recommend this product to anyone seeking true audio quality for your $. I have tried a few different pairs in the past, and i have always chosen these headphones over and over again. What i really love about these is the bass, how deep the sound is, and how rich it is at high levels. While other headphones i have used in the past have better isolation, it's really not important as the sound quality in my opinion. Simply, you can not go wrong with these headphones for the price. The only negative thing i have to say about these headphones is the build quality of the cord. A few times it has came apart on the auxiliary end, almost detaching itself from the inner cords. I used a mini zip tie to tighten and secure the material in place so as to not detach the cables inside. But it was my fault in the first place as it snagged on some equipment i was using at the gym. I hope people give these headphones a chance, as they will be much delighted for the price. I'm sort of a audiophile, always searching for quality and economic balance; none have been as satisfying as a purchase as Sennheiser's!
Great product and quality. Very recommend to buy. This was the cheapest product on the market and i loved it. Excellent earphone quality.
I opened these babies up and they sounded great right out of the package. They slide into your ears easily without creating pressure. Left and Right are clearly marked. Bass is boosted but not muddy. Highs and mids are clear.
Another package arrived in the mail a few weeks ago: A small box from Amazon, which contained a pair of Sennheiser CX-300B MKII Precision earbuds, my latest pair for review. After a month of use, here are my thoughts and opinions.Sennheiser GmbH &Co is a privately owned German company, in business for over 60 years. They produce a well-known and thorough lineup of audio equipment, from consumer to professional grade, including speakers, microphones, headphones and even avionics. Suffice it to say, they know a thing or two about recording and reproducing sound.The Sennheiser CX-300B MKII is one of the lower priced earbud models available from Sennheiser, (just a step above their CX-200 model) and is priced at $59.95 retail. Competitors in this price range include the ubiquitous Klipsch Image S4 and the NuForce 700x, among others - and the Sennheisers do indeed give them a run for their money. Simply but neatly packaged, the CX-300 features an asymmetrical cable, roughly 1.2m long, with a fairly robust, L-shaped plug at the end. The cable feels somewhat rubbery and is reasonably resistant to tangling. The cord design is asymmetrical, designed so that the cord leading to the right earpiece is routed behind the neck when worn. Although this has been confusing to some, it is designed as a safety and ergonomic feature, to minimize the amount of cable in front of the wearer. The earbuds themselves are relatively small and light and sit well in the ear, with very little protrusion. Because of this, they are comfortable to wear for extended periods. Also included with the CX-300B MKII are three sizes of eartips to help find the best fit to the individual wearer, as well as a small, soft-sided vinyl pouch for storage when not in use.All of this is well and good, I hear you thinking, but how do they sound?Well, I'm glad you asked. The answer, I would say, is very good! After a short burn-in (during which the sound did seem to improve noticeably), they performed very well. The original CX-300 was reportedly well-known for its strong bass performance, at times being accused of being a bit too bass-heavy. Sennheiser apparently heard these criticisms and tuned this newer model towards a slightly more balanced sound profile. The bass is still there, and it is still full and rich, but not at the expense of other areas of the music. These are not bass-heavy, "Beats wannabes" but they do produce enough bass to make music fun. Mids are full and warm and highs are clear and clean, but did not overpower the mids and low frequencies. Overall, a very enjoyable, listenable pair of earbuds, capable enough to handle most types of music. I tried them with jazz (Hancock, Marsalis and Coltrane, among others), rock (Aerosmith, The Cure, Foo Fighters, etc) and classical, as well as some contemporary country and ambient music and these seemed to handle just about anything I could throw at them. I noticed virtually no sibilance or distortion, even at higher sound levels. Speaking of which, the CX-300s are quite sensitive, producing a good level of volume from a moderate input level, their sound being noticeably louder than say, the JVC HA-FX3X. Soundstage was decent too, with good separation, clarity and detail without lacking in warmth.The build quality seems plain but sturdy, with a thick, angled plug that seems more than able to standup to abuse.Specifications (for all you tech-heads out there - and you know who you are) are as follows:Impedance: 16 ΩFrequency response: 19 - 21000 HzSound pressure level (SPL): 113 dBCable length: 1.2 mTransducer principle: DynamicThe CX-300B is a very capable performer and a definite upgrade from the stock earbuds. Well worth the money!
The problem with these earphones is a constant background hiss.  The free Samsung earphones are actually better because of this hiss.
The sound on these earphones are excellent but after using them for two months one of the earbuds is way quieter than the other one. I am disappointed - not in the sound quality but in the actual device quality.
A very accurate description was given about the product, though one ear-bud line is much shorter than the other. The entire set still fits very well when placed in ears, but it handles in a way that I wascould not used to (however, I am used to it now).It was  a detail that I would have liked to know ahead of time (hence, four stars were given).All in all, this is a great product with fantastic, quality, crisp sound (the bass is just wonderful) and I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a less expensive alternative to something close to "high-end."
I have no issues with the sound quality, not that I'm an expert of sound or anything. My husband & I like this brand. I'll have to agree with the others that the wires are pretty thin. Thats my only negative. Still gonna keep & use ; )
I am always very wary when buying earbuds because I cant sacrifice sound quality for portability. I am a bit of an audiophile, but I also am on a bit of a budget. These earbuds are great because you get some great bang for your buck. These have great sound quality and great isolation. I was a little worried the "Enhanced Bass" would be a little much for me, considering I never throw my bass up, but it is really nice. It gives the music a nice feel, and unlike a lot of earbuds, good, well balanced bass and treble. I would strongly recommend these earbuds, but remember, if you are playing the music through a garbage device. no matter how good the headphones are, it is going to sound like garbage.
I love my bass and don't want to buy into expensive earbuds to get it.These are my work earbuds. I can't use headphones, but also dont to compromise.So far the bass reproduction has been top notch. I've replaced my old Klipsch S4 and am very happy.As far as fit goes there are 2 important things that affect me.1 - I have different sized ear canals. Something I never found out until wearing in-ear earbuds2 - The earbuds must be easily cleaned. No matter how well you clean these things can definitely pick up some unwanted gunk.For me the tips had enough give to fit without giving me a headache. The opening on the tips is nice and wide making the cleaning process very easy. Coming from the Klipsch S4 which had a very tiny opening this is a godsend.I highly recommend these and would buy again!
if this is your first time looking at more expensive earbuds instead of the <$25 earbuds you normally get at walmart or target, you probably are skeptical about spending this kind of money on a pair of earbuds. but they are 100% worth the extra ~$10-15. Sennheiser is a world renowned audio technology company and this product far exceeded what i expected in being accustomed to the cheep-o things in supermarkets. for being moderately priced earbuds, they have fantastic bass and over all amazing sound. now thats not to say they rival the sound of other on or around ear headphones of Sennheiser, but as earbuds go, they have fantastic sound quality and are definitely worth the money. the only thing to keep in mind is that on one of the earbuds, the cable is a good foot or so longer than the other. don't ask me why they did this, to be honest it is more of an annoyance than anything, but that is the only complaint about them. if you are the type to take care of your things (electronics especially) and love music as much as i do while enjoying the convenience of earbuds, i would recommend these to you without a doubt
These Sennheiser earbuds have incredible sound and are low priced.Good for everyday use, not too comfortable for sports. Highly recommended.
Just received these ... plugged them in and 2 seconds into listening sat back w/ complete satisfaction.  Great fit.  GREAT sound.  Super light - and amazing price for the sound quality.  Good highs and mids, with perfect and deep bass.  VERY PLEASED.
Muddy,booming bass combined with a poor seal makes for mediocre headphones.  Lacking any good high end or definition. It also has this odd behavior of making a very loud clicking noise when I'm inserting them into my ears.
I bought these instead of a bulky noise canceling over the ear headphones. The fit for my ear was excellent and the sound was fantastic.
Good sound, very comfortable. Had Sennheiser MX550 previously so these are the first in ear buds and are very comfortable. Happy with the purchase.
I'm not a huge fan of earbuds or headphones, so I didn't pay too much attention to what I was using.I would get some Sony or Panasonic earbuds for 20 bucks.This time I saw these on sale for $30 something, so decided to try.I can say that Sennheiser CX 300B MK is way better that anything I tried before. But still, I much prefer my car sub.
I though i was getting pretty decent ear buds but when i used them they sounded very muddy and a severe lack of bass. Their barely acceptable but certainly not worth the price.
The only problem I have with these is that they greatly boost volume compared to what I'm used to. However, they're of a much better quality than most earphones in this range. I also have the Klipsch Image X10 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000WAHFBK/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_90 and I can say that assuming that those are representative of earbuds in its respective price range, then you're better off buying the Sennheiser CX 300B Mk IIs for earbuds and saving the money for higher end full-sized headphones instead.  These are the most reasonably priced hi-fi earbuds I know of.
I use these as my work headphones and they get the job done. Good balanced sound and do a good job of sealing out outside noise.
This is my second pair of Sennheiser earbuds and I'm enjoying them. Can't go wrong with Sennheisers and their not too expensive so thats nice as well.
I love these earbuds because a person sitting five feet away can not hear what you're listening to. They're so good at canceling ambient noise that I make sure not to eat while wearing them because of I can hear myself chewing in surround sound. I'd love it if the earbuds would be a bit more comfortable. I need to readjust them quite often.
I just recently bought a pair of SkullCandy 50/50's, but they will NOT work in either of my mp3 players, either computer, or my phone without pulling the jack out and holding it there.  They worked wonderfully on anything "Apple" however.  I bought these to replace them since I won't buy Apple.  These earbuds are wonderful!  Bass is big without overpowering you, mids and trebles are dynamite (although highs seem prematurely capped sometimes, all types of music).  The volume (because of the driver size) is MUCH better than I'm used to (Shure, Klipsch (3 pairs), Denon, you name it).  Not as loud as the SkullCandys, but CRYSTAL clear.  Not sure about the different cord length to each earbud yet, but it absolutely helps me tell right from left.  I got these on sale, and they're easily the best purchase I've made for the money in a LONG time.  All that remains is to see how long they'll last.  The cords/connections aren't "delicate", but they're close.  And they do tangle pretty easily. I'm really digging deep for any "cons", as you can tell!  Buy 'em!
I bought these headphones about a year ago.  They sound great and they're super durable unlike many other earbuds I've used.
Just started using them yesterday, but so far I am very pleased.  They achieve great volume and great clarity.  Highly recommended for the value.
This is all you need. Best bang for your buck. Considering most of us have low quality stolen music or we pandora this is as fancy as you need to go for in ear head phones. Got these for my trip to NYC in and out of the subway easy small head phones to stash in a pocket. Comes with a great case too. Sound quality is amazing great bass / super loud.
My adult son recommended these earbuds, and he was right (as usual)!  They are the only ones that don't hurt my ears.
I bought these buds based on positive reviews on Amazon.  So far, they are performing well, but I am waiting for these to burn in and hope to hear more bass when they come around.  Great service, as promised delivery.
Great bass and sound is awesome. I will change the size of the rubber earbud cover as it doesn't stay deep within my ear. My tech guy at work recommends Sennheiser products for quality and reliability as he using a lot of their equipment for AV work. Very happy with the product so far.
best. in ears. ever. I absolutely fell in love with these headphones. I can hear each sound clearly and precisely.
I bought these as a relatively low cost replacement for my SHURE 115 earbuds  that I left in a hotel room.I would not buy these again.Nothing against Sennheiser, I've owned their headphones over the years and always liked them.Sound: Tinny, harsh, overall weak. Disappointing. Possibly closely related to the next aspect.Fit: Poor. The tips are so short they do not extend far enough into (my) ear canal to hold in place, or to block external sound. Hence they fall out constantly. The sound is poor. Unless you have very short/shallow ear canals, DO NOT BUY THESE. They will not fit. A review I read prior to buying them made this cautionary remark. Should have heeded it. I tried several other silicon and foam cushions to no avail--the cable gets in the way.Durability: After a year, sound is dropping out of the left bud. Maybe a result of my trying to cram them into my ear canals.Spend the money and buy the SHURE 115. From what I'd tried, they are the best balance of $, sound, and fit. They can be a bit fragile too--all  of these thin wire devices are touchy.
-sound is amazing....with a good bass-using from 6 months... no problems at all-quality is so good... I m not afraid of any loose connection in earbuds..
Great quality..had to replace because dog chewed up the first pair.  This was the only place to finally get the ones I had before.
I used them for around 3 months and the right headphone just died.  oh well... this is very mild use and minimum traveling with it too.  decent for the price until it just dies
I have owned several pairs of these earbuds, the sound is excellent, the bass is great!. This is in contrast to lower priced earbuds which have inferior bass response. These are the best I've used for the price, a good value. Be advised, these buds feature unequal length ear bud wires, so one can tell left from right easily. Some people don't like this. These are 5 stars.
Have tried many others ... These sound and feel the best! Love the cord length, ie for around neck, one size longer than other, for wearing under clothing.  Excellent product will order again! Hope for long-life expectancy ....
I mostly use these for work in the studio when I need to be precise. The quality is superb for the price as they rival buds that are far more expensive. I had a pair of Bose IE2($100) before, and the quality difference is not much.For buds they do indeed block out a lot of outside sound, perhaps a little too much if you need to be aware of your surroundings. Be aware that they need to be burned in. The sound quality started off so/so but quickly improved after a few days of heavy use.Another thing, people often complain about them fitting in your ears/getting a powerful low end. All you have to do is make sure you create a good seal. I personally do it by lifting up the top of my ear to open the canal, then insert. It's pretty simple.Much like you would do with expanding earplugs.I would recommend them to other sound engineers and casual listeners who want good frequency range without paying a fortune.NOTE: When mixing very complex arrangements, you may find the mid range not crisp enough.Also not the best choice for running. There can be quite a bit of wire noise when you move around.I would definitely buy these again.
I've been using this for over a year and still liking it. I use it daily, and the wires have not gotten brittle or fragile. Other products tend to break inside and lose sound. These have stood up to a lot of wear.
Great sound and build quality. My headphones usually last 6 months before one side stops working but not these they keep going and sound better than any pair I've ever used.
after 20 days ,it arrived China. It's more potal than my px100 by bus. but is easy dirty ,how to do ? clean ear?
Recommended, basses sounds good. Fix good in your ears. Includes a practical and very cool bag. And a awesome Design. But they are very frail.
I've bought my second pair of these.  The only reason for that is because I lost the little black cap that goes in your ear on my older pair :(....ANYWAYS, the DEAL with these earbuds is that YOU CAN WEAR THEM TO SLEEP. I ONLY DIDN'T COMMIT SUICIDE IN COLLEGE BECAUSE I COULD WEAR THESE WHILE LAYING ON MY SIDE IN BED. THIS IS THE ANTI-BADROOMMATE CURE.
I bought these on the basis of the price versus rating and name recognition. I thought they would be better than the nornal $10 major chain fare-but they really are not. It's not that they are bad-it's just that they are mediocre. For having enhanced bass they sure sound flat. All that aside I do like them-they are realtively comfortable (can wear them all day without any discomfort) and project a clear clean sound while allowing me to still hear my phone and for my coworkers to get my attention. I do agree with the other reviewers that the cord thing is really more gimmicky than helpful. Would I recommend-probably not as you can still get Skull Candy earbuds for like 10 bucks that will fit just as well and sound just as well.So you can use this as a reference, these earbuds were connected to a Ipod touch playing a wide range of different musical styles (Godsmack to Miles Davis to Edith Piaf to Sublime).
Sounds great with amazing depth and detail. I am very happy with this product and highly recommend you check them out.
I don't find any difference between the skull candy 10$ ear buds and these.Not up to my expectations for something that's 30 bucks
This is the second pair of CX 300B earbuds that I have owned and they work great - clear sound and also work well at reducing ambient noise such as the drone from plane engines. I travel a lot at previously had used a couple of over-the-ear noise cancelling headphones and while they worked as advertised then they were rather bulky and took up too much space in my hand luggage. I purchased my first pair to see how comfortable they were and to check out their performance - I was satisfied on both counts. The sound is clear and the bass is pretty decent and they stay in place and do not irritate even if work for long periods of time, such as long haul flights. They are also extremely compact and come with a nice little pouch for storage and so take up practically no room in my hand luggage. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to fellow travelers.
I am a professional DJ and over the years i have had some great dual cup style headphones and earbuds. Out of all the earbuds in the price range these are the best i have heard. The sound is crystal clear with no noise and great noise isolation. After you break them in properly, the bass is rich and full of clarity and depth, while the mids are warm and bountiful and the highs are perfectly balanced to match the overall sound. These are what i carry with me on a daily basis.
Bought these for my Ipod based on other reviews.  The stock earbuds had ok sound but was looking for a better fit.  Even after trying all 3 sizes of earbuds these do not fit as well as stock apple earbuds.  There is absolutely no bass (stock apple has a deeper richer sound) and the earbuds seem to have a "hollow, tinny" type sound.  I have switched back to my stock earbuds.
Maybe other folks will have a different experience, but the effect of having two unequal lengths on the earbud cords was that the shorter cord always had more tension on it and pulled out of my ear repeatedly. This made these earbuds, in fact, absolutely unusable for me. Very frustrating. I gave them away.
Tho I did like the sound they provide, they didn't make it to one year, the right earbud stopped working.
For the money these are great value. The sound from these buds are better than some other more expensive ones I have tried.
A buddy of mine recomended them and said he loved his-  I never would have thought the sound quality would be as wonderful as it is. well worth the money spent and then some.
Good quality with very decent price.If u are going to choose earbuds with professional music performance, but not willing to pay more than 100, thats your choice
These sound awesome, very nice and full.  Good bass but not too much.  My only complaint is the wires are really thin and I'm giving them as a birthday present to a 14 year old, and this 14 year old breaks stuff easy.  What a shame, maybe he will want to trade for my Apple earbuds...heh heh heh....
Had a pair, lasted about 4 years before the sound in one side was gone. Did some research, decided to purchase the same pair. Need I say more.
I bought these buds based on positive reviews on Amazon.  So far, they are performing well, but I am waiting for these to burn in and hope to hear more bass when they come around.  Great service, as promised delivery.
Great bass and sound is awesome. I will change the size of the rubber earbud cover as it doesn't stay deep within my ear. My tech guy at work recommends Sennheiser products for quality and reliability as he using a lot of their equipment for AV work. Very happy with the product so far.
My son introduced this product to me because he likes it & brought couple of them for friends.This is the best earbuds I ever have. great!
These earbuds are excellent quality and have even better sound. The bass is top notch. I would recommend this product!
I purchased these and did a blind test with the Panasonic RPHJE120K.  The Panasonics were clearly better, had better bass, clearer highs,and fit my ears really nicely.  The overall design is much better and they're ~$10 (less than ten bucks usually).The Sennheisers fall out of my ears all the time and have really awkward design.  During the blind test it almost sounded tinny.
Had this product for 3 years until I ripped the earpiece off from being careless on the airplane. Rebought it easily with no second thoughts. They stay in during all my workouts (marathons, CrossFit, lifting, jump roping).
this sennheiser are pretty good considering their averagely low price.i would say there is a bit too 'artificial' bass but for the average user it will be great.considering the price, this is one of the greatest options you can get.not suitable for professional usage but it will be great for just iphone/ipod users.
Good sound quality, plenty of bass. Noticeable improvement in sound on Pandora compared to the cheap earbuds I usually use or even the ipod earbuds.The only quibble I personally have is with the cord length. The cords that run from the buds to the main are of different lengths. Product description states that it aids in prevents cords from tangling but personally I found it to be inconvenient.
Great sound in the beginning, however after using for about 1 1/2months. For no apparent reason the right earpiece stopped working. The wires are all good their is no visible evidence why?? Quality construction comes to question here...
I own a set of Sennheiser headphones (cover the ears) which greatly exceed these buds in terms of sound quality andsharpness but I also paid a good deal more for them. I'm using these buds with a portable radio (not exactly"hi-fi")and my laptop, and I find them appropriate for most "talk" applications (the news, a ball-game, most DVD movies).But, for a long focused session with your favorite music?  No.  I got what I expected and would repeat this purchase.
They were a gift for my daughter.  She had the same pair before and was very satisfied-- so much that she wanted the exact same ones again!
Very good, worth every penny. I lost mine but I am thinking of buying another pair. Best earbuds I have ever owned.
I was looking for something lightweight to reduce some of the loud noise in the gym while I listen to talk podcasts.  Sennheiser is a good brand and the $70 CX300B were on closeout sale price for $30.  Looked great!  I tried to find the right size tips.  Not easy to decide!  Then I had to watch video tutorials to learn how to insert them. The start for every workout is getting the earbuds in place, then putting a headband around them to keep them there.  After ten minutes of getting them into place, they do a decent job of attenuating noise  After about ten minutes of exercise, the left earbud falls out, even into the headband.  Excellent quality sound, but not needed for talk podcasts.Bottom line: Great quality sound. Decent noise isolation. Terrible for inserting and keeping them in place. Not very good for my purposes.
These headphones are great for their price! Great sound and quality.*Just be aware that they have an asymmetrical cord design!
I absolutely loved these when I got them. They were small, comfortable, sounded great, and came in a nifty little case. However, the right earbud can't is barely audible now - maybe after 6 months of normal use on my desk - I rarely moved them. It's disappointing that something started off so well then degraded so quickly. I had to buy a new pair of headphones since these stopped working properly
These are cheap department store headphones. The sound is tinny and hollow. It's what you'd expect for thirty bucks, except I paid almost triple that overseas for these guys. There is barely any passive noise blocking from these in-ears; the build is cheap; the cable is thin; the headphone jack is chintzy; the packaging sucks.Perhaps they deserve 2 stars because they do play music. They do that. Just not well.The best sub-$100 in-ears - and best headphones overall that I've ever owned, including more expensive cans - are the $89 Grado iGi model. The only reason I bought the Sennheisers was because, after over 2 years and a lot of beating, one of the ears died on the Grados, and I'm waiting to go back to the US to pick up my next pair.Do yourself a favor and get the Grados or something else. Don't save a few bucks by buying this cheap crap.If you find this review helpful, click "Yes" below so that others can be fully informed about this product too.
I decided to step up from the basic $9.99, to get some better base and depth to my music, and after seeing all the positive reviews, was feeling confident in these headphones. I found them to be only SLIGHTY better sound than my cheap brand. Not worth the 30+ dollars I shelled out. Save your cash, or spend (a lot) more and buy some higher end earbuds.UPDATE 4/1/2013 - I dropped my score to 1 star, because over the weekend I used my gs3 bundled headphones and I found the sound to be A LOT better! Even though they are the semi-crappy manufacturing ones included, I was blown away by how much better and richer they sound, AND they have a built in mic. Its true, you either spend 9.99 for the basics, or you buy the 100+, anything in between is just a waste of cash.
Great quality. My first pair survived 3 washing/drying machine trips and still worked. no lie. Had them for about 3 years and put them through a lot of trail runs, rides and more. they finally crapped out. Had a pair of Dr Dre Beats that lasted about 2 months they were the in-ear ones too. I think the quality is the same for the music produced. Sticking with these over anything else.
When it comes to earbuds its pretty much inevitable that they will eventually break down due to cord issues due to rolling them up or general wear and tear (assuming you are mobile with them).  Having said that, when looking for headphones I have the following criteria:1. they cannot be so expensive that when they eventually fail it will significantly irritate me, this means anything above 70 dollars was not considered by me.2. they need to last, even if they fail I expect the earbuds to last at minimum around a year at full functionality (with daily use).3. they need to be comfortable and stay in place.4. the sound quality needs to be very good, for the price range I am looking at I do not expect ultra premium sound quality but something a step below but manages to perform better than the price would suggest.I have had the same pair for almost a year now these earbuds have met all those requirements, the sound quality is very good and at a level equal to above that of other earbuds I have purchased for more than twice the price.  I have had many different brands and prices from $10-$100 all failed at some or all the above criteria.  These are easily the best bang for the buck, they are durable, have the sound quality and are at a price that when they eventually do fail I will replace the the same line.
I absolutely love these headphones - great for working out, for listening to while working in a crowded office, or listening to music on a plane. This is my second pair - after my cat ate through the wire of my first pair, I immediately ordered a replacement pair of the exact same product. :)
I use these all the time and they work great, look great, that's all that needs to be said so get yours now!
This is the second pair I have, the first one lasted a few years - far longer than any earbuds I've ever owned.The sound is very clear, a decent bass although at very high volumes (and especially with lo-fi MP3s), the trebles can get quite tinny and shrill. But overall, I doubt you'll find earphones this good anywhere near this price.
these are the greatest earbuds ive ever owned! the sound quality is great, just the right amount of bass, durable, and cheap! these are amazing!
It doesn't completely eliminate plane noise, but reduces it enough to hear music, movies, etc.  Comfortable and build quality seems solid.  Carrying case provides a place to safely store them when not in use.
These are excellent if you like muddy, bloated bass and a nonexistant midrange. If you listen to genres like metal or rock, which pretty much needs good mids to sound good, steer clear of these and go for the cheaper Ultimate Ears 500.
I use my earbuds to listen to a digital recorder/player which has a small speaker.  Because I have a hearing loss, this device is hard to hear without the earbuds which bring the sound right to my ears so I can listen in a car or airplane or at home.  I would recommend them to anyone who wants great listening to speech or music and to anyone with a hearing loss.  Because the earbuds have 3 sizes of pads I have had no trouble fitting my small ears securely.
I'm mostly writing this so I can remember which headphones I own.  But in all seriousness, these are possibly the best earbuds I've ever owned.
I bought these for my son...a budding audiophile.  He loves them.  I love the fact that they didn't cost that much and he is very happy with them.
Sounds Great. They are passive noise canceling because how the ear piece is designed.  I but for stars because I don't like the asymmetric lengths of the left and right ear. Get the Sennheiser cx 500 if you can find them.  Or something similar.  Sennheisers are good headphones!
They're light, produce great bass and come with different size rubber attachments to fit your ear. I love the behind the neck style since you can remove the headphones and they don't fall.
Solid construction, beautiful leather pouch, no issues with the three sets I've owned and lost. Rich bass and high mids.
I replaced the CX 300 that I thought it was original (but it turned out that were copies) with these earphones, and I must say that there is a quality leap in the sound isolation and sound quality. As I expected, CX 300B MK II are very heavy bass earbuds, but for the gym, jogging, and outside activities, It Does The job.they come with a pouch and different sizes of earbuds.***************04-25-2014 EDIT******************************One of the earbuds stopped working just a year of light use. Shame on you Sennheiser, where is your famous GERMAN quality?Costumers can't be buying a set of earbuds every month or so. Come on!
I had these exact set of ear buds and used them with my iPhone and iPod and loved the comfort and great fit, so when I lost the ear buds found these and knew was what I wanted again.  Glad they were still available
As far as quality/price goes this is the PERFECT combination.The sound is great, the bass is not overwhelming, mids sound clear and the highs are crisp.I use these under my helmet when I ride my motorcycle (only one earbud though), I can honestly say that they cancel out A LOT of external sounds.TIP1) Make sure you use the correct size for your ear2) To go from good to WOW I had to use the right side earbud in my left ear3) Make sure the earbud has the correct end piece on, it make a HUGE sound differenceI would recommend these to anybody that needs their music to sound a certain way (music sounds great)
Don't buy the expensive designer headphones. Get these. Your ears wont regret it. Sennheiser has always had the best deals on headphones.
It took me a few days to adjust to the different lengths of the ear buds.  I use these for listening to books on my I-pod while walking my dog.  Since I only use one bud at a time, the sound is clear and blocks most of the traffic noise.  I might also say this is the first time I used buds other than those that came with the I-pod.
excelente sonido, los bajos son muy nítidos a pesar de ser unos audífonos tan pequeños. los compré para usarlos mientras hago ejercicio y se ven muy buenos, realmente los recomiendo.
Okay, unlike some others on here, I'm not incredibly well-versed with regard to ear buds and their various quality levels. That said, I can honestly say that these are the best pair I've ever owned. And for the price? It's just a steal. The last pair I had were some Sony throwaways, and they never sounded punchy enough. Before that was a pair of Skullcandy FMJ's, and while they did sound good (but not as good as these) one of the buds just stopped working, like it had a bad wire. I don't know quite what I was expecting when I got these, but whatever it was, it was exceeded in every way. I don't even have to use any EQ settings--I've got my player on flat at the moment, and it sounds amazing. Just get them. You won't likely regret it unless, like some other reviewers, you're going to run with them I guess? No experience there on my end, but I can say they fit oh so snugly in my ear canals. Get them.
These headphones offer amazing sound. Your music will sound great! These headphones are lacking in the durability department. They do not fit especially well (when moving or exercising) and I found myself adjusting them all the time. If your intention is to get supreme sound for a low cost and then sit at your desk and listen, then these are the headphones for you. But if you intend on exercising or if you are looking for headphones to carry with you throughout the day, everyday... you will want something with better durability.
I was really disappointed in the manufacturing quality of these headphones. The connection between the headphone and my iPod or iPhone jack never felt really secure, and within a month of use the headphones were already starting to fail. You know story by now I'm sure... you have to wiggle the male connector around to get the sound in full, and if it's moved the audio starts to cut out, and this problem will get worse and worse over time. Now a few months after purchase and the headphones have almost failed completely.I have owned enough ear buds in my life to know this sort of thing is inevitable, but I have never owned a pair that failed as fast as this one. It's even worse when you consider this isn't a $6-$15 pair of ear buds. At $30, I expected a lot more. I would not recommend these headphones because of the very poor manufacturing quality, but also because the audio quality wasn't even that great.
These things are not much better than the cheap ear buds you can get for $10 at a big box store. If you are getting these to replace your original iPod ear pieces, keep the ipod ones.  I still say the factory iPod ear pieces are the best!!!
There is not enough base and when I use them for talking, multiple people have commented that it sounds echoey. Listening to others talk was definitely inferior to my Apple headphones. And like many people have commented, the uneven cord length is more a nuisance than a help. I'm sorry I purchased these but did so after reading many reviews that I found were very misleading.
These were purchased as an upgrade to the incredibly mediocre ear-bud headphones that came with an mp3 player. For a long while these replacements (astounded with a number of caveats). Here are my disappointments in ascending order:* Sound quality (5): I'm sure these are very 'technically good' specs wise but they are only as good as the fit they can make in your ear. For me this was difficult many times and so I have resigned myself to not be able to enjoy the full sound they can provide.* The right ear piece's cord is extremely long and can make it difficult to manage (4). If you are into (and used to) longer right ear pieces then this is probably fine for you. I have come to decide that I do not like it, though. It gets in the way, becomes very tangled if left to dangle free and when trying to get ready for use. When I wrap the right ear piece behind my head like it is probably intended to be used I don't care for the feeling and yet somehow manages to feel too short.* Inner-ear fit (3): I use these in some fairly active scenarios but even when I am not being active with these I can find it difficult to get a good fit that doesn't eventually annoy me -- or slip away from a good fit. Using the same size of ear tips resulted in my left ear being a pretty great fit and the left one being too loose or at least not "air tight" in the same way. Perhaps this is a personal curse but it is frustrating to get a good fit on one side and the other never has felt (and therefore sounded) as good.* Fit and sound while jogging (2): Ugh. This was a significant side to my negativity and what I was really hoping would be an improvement over my stock ear-buds. They are better and sound better but the cord can produce tremendous noise in movement if not managed properly. Luckily, I have a clip attached to the main cord that enables me to handle the situation much better than when I did not have it. The clip is a NECESSITY and I'm not sure if or where you would buy one. Don't try to go jogging without it.* Deteriorating sound quality (1): I do not listen to music at a terrific volume. I do my best to take care of things that I care about. My efforts have not been enough to maintain these headphones in decent shape. Most notably, the right ear piece has lost about 50-70% of the decibels of the left one. The sound is incredibly unbalanced now and very frustrating to experience and realize they have just expired the return period. I want to return these as they are now in a state that anyone would consider broken. There are VERY few return policies that I ever read "...manufacturer defects..." without scoffing to myself that "that would never happen" because it hasn't for me. Now I feel as though it has. These headphones have not withstood the test of time; they are 5+ months old and are now frustrating to listen to under any circumstances. The left ear piece appears to have also lost some sound quality but it is not objectively worse -- just subjectively.I am now shopping for new headphones and really crossing my fingers that whatever I find will hold out and fit better than these did. Note that I was decently satisfied (4-5 stars) for many months of use but I can no longer recommend this product due to my various disappointments. Other reviews should be able to be more helpful regarding sound quality and what this device is at its best. I believe that it deserves to be a 4-5 star product; it just has not panned out that way for my ears, my usage, and my particular item off the assembly line.I wish you best of luck, Sennheiser CX 300B MK II Precision enhanced bass earbuds; you will be missed and I hope you treat the other buyers better than you have me. I thought I was getting a great deal at $36 but you evidently were not for me. RIP
Thought I'd get myself some decent earbuds for listening to music at work. I spend a lot of time coding, working with equipment, and reading, so I needed a comfortable pair of earbuds that would have reasonably good sound.The CX 300B MK II had decent reviews, a couple of audiophiles complaining they weren't good enough, and carried an excellent brand name. I thought I'd spring the little extra cash $27 for the pair when I bought them.Initially, I was really confused about the unbalanced wire design before I realized that the short side goes directly to your ear and the long side goes around your neck to relieve tension. I ended up really liking that configuration.What I didn't get was actually good noise. These buds aren't really worth it. I played around with different sized earbuds to get a comfortable fit (that's nice) and while the sound is acceptable for my needs, it's not better than a cheap $10 pair of earbuds.The cable is also this incredibly grippy black rubber that sticks to everything: clothes, furniture, itself, and so it make it pretty annoying to thread the wires through clothing (e.g. to keep it from catching on anything). It feels substantial, but is not functionally useful.The around-the-neck design does a good job of dampening cable noise to the far ear, but doesn't help with the close ear. The cable noise is definitely present as you jog or walk around. You can mitigate this by threading the cable through your clothing to minimize its movement.The worst is the wind noise. When jogging, it's like a pulsing jet of air is swishing by your ears. I found that when walking, I'd get this "woosh" "woosh" "woosh" in time with my steps. I don't walk that fast, guys, that I should be generating wind effects. Just forget about wearing these while track biking.It is tolerable, but this is what I expect from cheap earbuds. My old iPod earbuds (I used all the old versions, with and without rubber rims, remote control, etc) totally blow these out of the water. My old Skullcandy department store $6 earbuds performed just as well as these.And finally, after about two good weeks of use, a small exposed piece of cable caught on a doorknob because of the extreme "stickiness" of the cable and gave them a good yank. The cable wire detached from the stereo connector, and my $27 was gone. Great. Won't be getting these again.Pros:1. Over-the-neck earbud design relieves some cable-bounce noise and cable tension.2. Multiple earbud sizes is nice. I tried them all, stuck with the default medium size.3. When seated correctly, they do a great job of isolating external noise.Cons:1. Expensive for their sound quality.2. Cable noise is still an issue. Don't expect to job with these and have high-fidelity music.3. Wind noise is absurd. I get wind noise from just walking.4. All the advertisement about strong bass is hot air. They're no better than any other budget earbud.5. Absurdly "sticky" cables make threading through clothes difficult and make cable catch on just about everything.Conclusion:These earbuds are just fine.... if they cost $10. They're really no better than any other cheap earbud and not worth the premium to have a Seinnheiser logo on them.
I waited a few weeks before writing a review of these earbuds because I wanted to be sure I truly liked the sound, fit, comfort and overall quality.  I have owned several different makes and models of earbuds from several different manufacturers, and the Sennheiser CX 300B is by far the best I have ever owned.Pros:1)  Excellent and comfortable fit.  I was really apprehensive about the ability of these earbuds to stay in my ears while walking.  I tried the different size supplied "collars", I settled on the large, and they have never moved or fallen out of my ears.  Also, these earbuds have the right side earbud on a much longer wire than the left.  This allows the user to run the wire behind the head.  This is an excellent design feature as the stress of the wires will not pull the earbud out of your ear.2)  The sound.  I realize one of the marketing features of this earbud is the enhanced bass.  Do NOT let this scare you.  I love accuracy over bass, and these earbuds have excellent and well balanced sound.  Maybe the bass would be more pronounced if played at a higher DB, but loud volume is not my interest so I can't say.  I like classic rock, jazz just about everything except rap and these earbuds, to my ears at least, sound open and more overall accurate than bassy.  I guess if you are looking for earbuds that thump bass these may not satisfy.3)  The plug is designed with extra strength via plastic around the base plus it's curved to a right angle.  I've had earbuds fail right at the plug araes due to stress during use.  These earbuds are correctly engineered to minimise plug stress damage.4)  These earbuds come with a very nice carrying case that helps to protect the earbuds when not in use.5)  The price.  For the money these are an outstanding value.Cons:1)  None
The performance of these earbuds is by FAR the best that I have heard. That being said, they are not without their flaws. They do great in the mid-range but highs and lows (bass) can, and often does, sound flat. I don't want to discourage anyone from purchasing these because they really are excellent for the price but for a true audiophile they will be a bit disappointing. Earbuds all suffer a bit on quality to enable the portability inherent to their super small size. Compared to over the ear cans that I have owned and tested over the years these simply cannot compete, but then again they are nowhere near the same price. Overall I think most people will be satisfied with them and I do like them they have their place and use, but remember they do have their limitations too.
These earbuds were a bit more expensive than the skullcandy ones I had been using but I had heard good things about the Sennheiser products so I thought I'd try them out. I bought these and a pair of Audio Technica ATH M30 headphones. I didn't think I would notice much difference but man was I wrong. I can hear things in songs that I never even knew was there before! If you love your music like I do, it's definitely worth the investment. Now I know why a good amplifier is crucial. ♪Enjoy
They are the few ear buds that fit comfortably and they arrived quickly.  The sound is excellent and I love the fact that they can reach around the back of my neck and are out of the way.
Surprisingly nice base and clean sound from a little earphone. I got it for $20 on sale and the only regret I have, that I didn't buy two of these!
Tried more expensive earbuds/phones...were too fragile-broke or malfunctioned within a few months!  so far, so good on these...reasonable cost and great sound.
Just received this product. Enhanced bass? Not so!! I think these buds are great for classical music, very clear, beautiful. But if you're listening to anything else, these buds are not for you!! Seriously people, who gave this product 5 stars, what are you thinking?
because some seemed to indicate some shortcomings in this product.  However, I can attest that I cannot find any problem with the product.  For one thing, the first thing I noticed was that the volume setting on my iPod is now about 30% less than it was with my old ear buds, which I believe I bought from Target about 3 years ago.  So that shows this unit is either more efficient or perhaps higher quality on the buds themselves.  (or both?)  Also, I really like how the buds fit in my ears.  I had to remove the muffin covers it comes with as they were the medium sized ones, and install the larger sized ones it also came with.  I stowed the medium and small sized muffins in the bag it comes with so they won't get lost.Here's what I noticed about the fit for my ears.  First, because the buds are L-shaped, they do not hurt when I lay on my side in bed, listening to music to go to sleep by.  My old ones were also L-shaped, but the insertion length was longer so it actually hurt to lay on my side.  So that was a wonderful benefit that was unexpected as I prefer to side sleep.  Second, I like how one ear bud wire is longer than the other.  This allows me to wrap the excess around the back of my head, drape it over the other ear, and then run the parallel wires over to the iPod, which I slip under my pillow for safekeeping.My old unit, which has sticky wires almost identical in feel to this new one, (leading me to believe they also may be an older version of Sennheiser), I was expecting with the new unit to get the same wire noise I get with my old unit.  Wire noise happens when the wires move on you when you shift in bed, and the sound amazingly gets magnified in your ears.  Well, this Sennheiser unit, that was very minimized.  That was a pleasant surprise.Finally, I like that the connector to the iPod is also L-Shaped, even though I rarely walk around with the iPod in my pocket, listening to music, as I like that the wire will not be stressed should I decide to do that on occasion.Oh, one complaint I noticed on another review was that the muffins are so airtight that some people complained of pressure in the ear as you push the buds in... I also noticed that a little bit on one ear, but not the other.  Probably one ear is more symmetrical on the entrance than the other one.  Anyway, I was able to alleviate the problem by squeezing on the muffin as I inserted it, so the air could escape.
I purchased these to use at work while listening to music on my android phone.  The different sizes of ear bud covers made it easy to find the one that worked in my ears to block outside sound.  I have very sensitive ears and many ear buds are uncomfortable to me.  These work great and are not uncomfortable.
*Disclaimer - I'm in no way an audio professional.  Read this review as if it is coming from just some guy who likes clear music and practicality.So, I bought these expecting an improvement over my Sony earbuds that I bought at Walmart, and to be honest, those Sony earbuds produced some great sound to start with (for their price).  So I was really only looking for a minor improvement, something with a little more clarity, especially in the high range.  That isn't exactly what I got out of these earbuds.  Don't get me wrong, the sound quality was good, but it wasn't good enough to make me want to buy these over my Sony pair.  It sounds like they don't have as rich of highs as I was expecting.  Mids and lows are rather nice, but it almost seems like "precision enhanced bass" is something that is meant to add more glitter to the product than anything.  Bass tones are fine, but not punchy like I've heard from other earbuds at a comparable price.  I would like to place a disclaimer though, I am comparing these, side by side, with the Sonys.  After listening to them by themselves for awhile, this is all stuff you are unable to really pickup on.The fit of the earbuds isn't the greatest.  The part of the earbud that is supposed to actually be inserted into the ear doesn't insert far enough before the cord gets in the way of the ear.  It constantly feels like they are going to fall out, and they do from time to time.  Now, I'm using the medium "cushions" (for lack of a better word) as the large don't fit in my ear, and when forced, don't produce a good sound.  I would prefer the distance between the tip of the earbud and the cord to be greater, to give more room to accomodate the bottom of my ear.Regarding comfort, you can just barely tell they are in your ears.  They are nice and soft, and after awhile, you just about forget you are wearing them (aside from fact that music doesn't just play out of thin air).I will start off talking about the cord by stating that it is assymetrical, which I realize has its uses, but is not my preference, so that is a personal downside for me.  It may not be for you.  The cord is made out of a nice silicone-like material (if not silicone itself), which means it doesn't tangle all that much, and when it does, it is easy to untangle.  I am not a fan of the plug.  Yes, it props the cord at 90 degrees to the jack, which is nice, but the entire plug is big and bulky.  I get the feeling that the only reason for that design is to fit the Sennheiser name on it.  A nice touch, but I could definitely do without it in exchange for a smaller plug.The travel bag that comes with these earbuds is actually really nice.  It is a leathery material that feels nice and soft, and has the Sennheiser logo printed on it in a glossy black.  It is a really nice looking bag.  The closing mechanism is pretty cool as well, not using any sort of latch or drawstring, but instead two strips of (what I assume to be) metal that act as springs, always wanting to stay in the closed position.  They aren't hard to open, but will keep the earbuds safe inside.  My only gripe with the bag is it seems like it almost takes three hands to get the earbuds in it; two hands to keep the spring mechanism open, and one hand to stuff the earbuds inside.  Other than that, it is a pretty cool design.Overall, not bad earphones, but I don't think I would buy them over my Sony pair.  They do hold a close 2nd place though, and easily outrank most other earphones at this price.
These headphones were a huge disappointment.  They are muddy across all frequency ranges.  The highs are thin and not clear, the mids are hollow, and the bass is weak and does not have much presence.  However, this is my evaluation after having used the Sennheiser cx500's for about 2 years.  My cx500's broke, so I though I was getting a competent replacement.  After the huge let-down with these, I purchased a set of Klipsch Image s-4's.  While those were slightly better and more clear, they still do not match up to my old cx500's.  My advice is do not touch these.  Do yourself a favor...go on ebay and buy a set of cx500's for the same price.
I have really been enjoying the quality of these buds. I don't usually take the time to review an item but this is warranted. Crisp bass especially with some comply foam tips, although the gel ones it comes with are not bad. Clear highs and mids, as well as a good sound stage for IEM earbuds. Off center main wire with a longer wire to the right ear is nice so the main wire doesn't run down the middle. I happen to like the design and the thicker rubber insulation around wire makes for less kinking. Right angle jack is always a nice bonus to avoid damage to the wire at that insertion. So why one star you ask? While the build quality out of the box seemed sturdy, the left but has no output now and i can't identify the source of the problem. I have tried moving around the wire at different points rotating in the jack and nothing will get a peep of a sound out of the left bud. I have owned s4i, audio technicas, and even lower no name brands. while the quality of the sound varies on all the models I have owned (and these were one of the better pairs in terms of sound quality..) these have lasted the shortest by far. Crappy chinese knock off iphone headphones that sound like junk have lasted longer than these ten-fold. My window for returning them or exchanging them has just expired as of 10 days before they broke, so these are as good as trash. Since I can't exchange these for free, I don't know if it was just this pair that was faulty (no headphones i have ever owned lasted not even 2 months). Safe to say I won't buy from Sennheiser again when every other brand headphone I have bought of that caliber has yet to break - I'll stick with AT and Klipsch.
Exceptionally good sound quality for the price. I owned a pair before but lost them, I tried a few other more expensive ear buds my friends owned but none measured up to these so I purchased another pair.
After putting these ear-buds on I couldnt hear the usual office ambient noise. Sound quality is good and these ear phones are inexpensive. I would recommend these to my friends who are looking for ear-buds.
This is my second time buying these headphones ( what can I say I lost them unfortunately)Upon realizing this I shot back through my orders for the past year and quickly picked up the same pair.The earbuds are brilliant,Pros:Awesome case4 extra rubber buds,best quality for the priceCons:Left headphone cable is a bit shorter than the right and I am not sure for what reason..
These ear buds are the best i ever heard or uses. Great sounding bass and equals any Bose product at much lower price.
I purchased these to replace my almost seven-year-old factory earbuds without knowing what to expect out of them.  Frankly, I never cared about the sound quality of my earbuds--I only cared that I had some to use at school, in the gym, etc.  You could only imagine my surprise when I broke open the packaging and listened to these for the first time.WOW!  To say I was "impressed" is an enormous understatement.  I honestly never thought that earbuds could sound THIS AMAZING.  I was able to hear sounds that I did not even know were there, and I consider my hearing to be meticulous and in excellent standing due to the fact that I play the piano and guitar by hearing only.. but that's beside the point..As far as music is concerned, I listen to a variety of musical styles ranging from hard-hitting EDM, to soulful jazz, to classical greats, and these earbuds have greatly enhanced my experience with all of them.  They are simply superb!  ThebBass, mid-range, and treble are all crystal-clear and distinguished, yet not to the extent that that they become harsh on the ears.  For those who are looking for a set of earbuds that provide extraordinary sound, but at an economic price, these Sennheisers fill that niche perfectly!Now, it is important to note that I am writing this review with a "first impression" mindset as I have just received these in the mail.  As amazed as I am with these earbuds out-of-the-box, I know that I will continue to become increasingly impressed as they start to burn-in.  I honestly wish that I had found these earlier, because they really are an incredible set of earbuds!
If you care more about sound and fit from your earphones then looks,  buy these.  Musically these compare to earbuds costing 3x as much.  And they are very sturdy, I've had mine for over 5 years and they are still going strong. Buy them!
I compared these to altec Lansing mzx406 for less than half price.  Bass and sound separation was far superior.  I just needed to know how much better buds can be.  These passed this test.  However, the altec's had a much thicker cord wire.  The wires on the altec's broke while at the gym.  These have to be in the office or bedroom only.  No way can I take these delicate instruments on my bike or gym.  But they do sound great.Hope someone makes a good earbud that is durable
My third pair. Get a couple years of heavy use out of each pair. Use them to work out and on the go. Like most headphones they eventually stop working, but would always buy again.
these arrived a day sooner then they said it would and i am glad to have a great backup set of headphones
Shipped on time and in proper condition as promised by the seller.Previously I used a Creative EP-630 and Sennheisers Sound quality is better. I feel like Bass is a little more emphasized . I dont like that factor but again that is a relative thing, some people like original bass, some like a little emphasized.The good part is that it comes with a lot of ear bud sizes, so it can fit almost anybody.In short, its good for the price, and  if you want a good reliable pair of in-ear headphones, for walking around, for the gym etc, go for it. :-)
only thing I have to complain about with these is the unequal length of the cord by the earbuds. love the bass level on these, makes me feel like I'm in a concert hall!
Loving these earbuds, i like how they fit in my ears and the bass sounds pretty deep, for the price and quality, they are awesome
I  got these after breaking the  connector on another  set of noise reduction earphones.  Obviously the other brand spent  more on marketing than tbey did building a good product.  These are the best I've  owned!
I purchased these to replace an old pair of SONY earbuds that had gone intermittent. All I can say is I wish I had done it sooner!The first thing I did was blow my ears off! These earbuds are at LEAST 50% more efficient than the old Sony ones! I primarily use these in my Samsung Galaxy-S with the MP3 player. And with the old buds, I was listening at "15 of 15" all the time, and they still were not loud enough. With the CX 300B... I listen at "10 of 15" or it is just too loud.Then there is the sonic quality. I have blown a LOT of money on Hi-Fi equipment over the years, and I know that things SHOULD sound like - but often do not. Again - completely blown away by these earbuds! Crisp, clean, clear! Well defined bass. These things sound as good as systems that cost thousands, if not 10s of thousands of dollars.The only thing they cannot do is give you the "feel" of the bass thumping your chest like full size speakers can. But they deliver on EVERYTHING ELSE!For $35!!!If you don't own a pair of these - RUN to your computer and get them on order. The the sound quality and the price, I just do not believe there is a better value in earbuds on the market today!The only minor thing for me, and it is minor, is the asymmetrical cord. I prefer equal length. Other than that, you cannot go wrong!
I had a great deal on these earphones for about $23. The ear buds fit great in my ear and they never fall off unless I pull them off. I like the carrying pouch more than I love these earphones. It's a pouch that seals up through the magnetic lining. Most importantly, the sound quality is a great bargain if you pay less than $30. The bass is not amazing, but it is very good.I don't like that the headphones are short. If it were 6 inches longer it would have been the perfect length. I also didn't like that the left side ear bud is shorted than the right side. I wish all earphones had the same lengths on both sides.
Caution - only received them yesterday.  But given that, I have used Sennheiser headphones in studio environments for many years, but due to my rough handling of mobile equipment I have never spent much money on earbuds, and I didn't spend much on these, but oh, my goodness, what a sound in such a small package!!!  Sound separation is subperb, if anything, the enhanced bass may be a bit too much, but who's complaining.  And here's the cool part: Sennheiser's equipment always has to be broken in for about 30 days before you hear the best.  Can't wait.  Amazon was fast, fast, fast.  Unit arrived in Sennheiser factory sealed packaging, so its the real deal.  Highly recommend for any music lover.
I'm CONSTANTLY untangling the cord. I put it down and pick it up a minute later and it's in a knot. Make that knots. This can be extremely annoying. Sound quality is nothing special either, so I suggest not investing in these.
I bought these as a replacement for what I thought were also CX 300B headphones. They must have different models within each line of headphone. These earbuds sound terrible. The bass is nonexistent and when volume is raised to compensate, the highs irritate my ears. Furthermore, the cord length for the left and right earphone are not equal. This causes the cable to hang down one side of your body, which works when you're wearing a t-shirt but FAILS in practice when you're wearing a coat. The splitter in the cord gets all caught in the coat's collar while you walk.DO NOT BUY THESE. I've had much better experiences with Sennheiser products.
I love this product, it is better than i expected, the sound is so clear even with the deep bass, i like how they fit nice in my ears, and the little bag, nice detail to carry the accesories.
the headphones are amazing, the sound is clear and the bass i awesome.my only problem with them is that the left side is shorter than the right side
these are great earphones for the price i have only previously owned the jvc xx which are great too but these blow them away great buy
I like these ear buds better than my old Apple ones. Nice thing about the Apple ones is the pause button on the cable. I use this for a nano so have to manually pause it.
Ive owned two of these the past 4 years. (had to buy a second pair when my first god chewed by my dog) I couldn't recomend a better mid range earphones. Getting my 3rd pair today.
I like bass to feel like it is punching through all the crud in the world straight into my heart to deliver a primal injection of the celebration of life. This isn't quite there, but if my heart was centered in my brain instead of my chest, it would be. Highly satisfactory bass reproduction, especially if used with any device with a respectable equalizer. I have Power Amp for my Android phone, and the two make a great team to lubricate my life through tough times. The cord is sturdy, springy, rubbery; easy to untange compared to any other headphones I've used. Noise cancelling is primo; actually works to well, as I've 5 kids, including a newborn, and am totally def to the outside world when I've got my jams going. The carrying pouch, while working well enough, looks a little cheap, as the stitching is slightly crooked. It took about 4 days before it started sounding really clean, but now its da bomb-dot-com.
I bought these for my 13 yr old son who wanted another brand that was popular (beats?) and $100.  He preferred  the sound quality over the ipod earbuds he had and was glad I got quality instead of the "popular" brand.  They sound great and he likes the way they fit etc.
I've had lots of headphones over the years and I continue to return to this brand because they just work for my lifestyle.  My earbuds need to be able to take a beating.  I hate that many earbuds lose sound in one side after a couple of uses.  I've never had this problem with the Sennheiser brand and I'm thankful.  I wear these in the sauna, for running, and other high intensity workouts.  I also use them at work.  I endorse this product.
Very base heavy headphones, very good quality for this price. Can be difficult to understand what people are saying in VOIP's though.Earbuds are generally comfortable but can be difficult to position in ear, creating unbalanced sound.One cord to a bud is longer than the other (makes telling right from left easier). There is a LOT of cord which can be difficult to store/handle if not careful/meticulous.Case that comes with the product is a bit small for the large cord size.Do not use these headphones if you want no one to sneak up on you.
This is my 3rd pair of the cx300. The first from ebay turned out to be a fake. Both pairs from Amazon were the real deal. I have tried many other earbuds. These are easily the best sounding I have owned (including the Klip image s4). Sound is smooth and clear and base is excellent. They are also very comfortable to wear. The first pair from amazon lasted about two years of heavy use. I was pretty rough on them about 4 days a week at the gym so no deduction here. The wire on this model is very thin but they held up pretty well for me, as another reviewer said they are not great for running ( try the mee m6 for running). Overall I love the sound from these buds ! I tried more expensive models but I always come back to my cx300.
The asymetrical cable drives me crazy. I hate it. Also if you want killer bass - you're not going to hear that. Otherwise reasonably comfortable. Best earbuds I have owned to date - but they leave me wanting more. I haven't tried anything more expensive yet but have tried many less expensive and none of those compare.
These were purchased as a gift, and the recipient was delighted with the "buds".  Once he got the correct size ear piece he was astonished with the fabulous sound!Good buy for the money!
But not as good as the previous pair of Sennheiser earbuds I owned. Unfortunately they were no longer made. All in all, very good sound for their size.
I'm not one to spend a lot on elitist earbuds although I like a nice quality earbud.  These were very reasonably priced and are the best earbuds I've ever owned.  I'm impressed by the quality and I'm happy with the purchase.
They are great they are The BEST earbuds I've ever tried my father and I bought last week 2 pairs of buds and they came today in the morning and now I've heard a lot of songs and they sound great and the bass enchanter thing is awesome!!! I love them!! Buy them they are great!
These are my first in ear buds, and I must say I am blown away by their sound quality and relative inexpensive price. I've been using open-back, on ear KOSS portapro phones which I do love, and these compare very favorably to them.Pros:-Excellent sound: bass response is nothing short of amazing, and the sound is well balanced and full of detail.-Comfortable in the ear-The asymmetrical chord of the right earbud is in-fact a GREAT idea in my opinion - when you put the left earbud in as usual (from the front) and then take the right bud behind the neck to the right ear, it enables you to simply take one of the buds out when you want to, and just "let it hang" on your shoulder while the other one stays in the ear without budging. This prevents from the chords from entangling and worse, dropping the tiny things to the floor and stepping on them or soiling them. genius.-choice of rubber seals - I found you need the largest your ears can fit to get the best bass response and detail from these, as well of course as noise attenuation.-quality pouch.-metal mesh inside to prevent ear wax from entering the drivers.Cons:-Some chord noise while walking enters the ears, as well as wind noise. However, after a while it stops bothering me.As for the sound, it is less open or "airy" when compared to my open-back, sound leaking KOSS portapros, but the sound makes up for it in spades in detail and warm, accurate bass.Also of note, these do not go inside the ear canal as some do (like a pair of etymotics I once had for example) and sit right on the opening of the ear canal sealing it with the big rubber seal. No need to try and shove them in the ear painfully.They're a delight.Highly recommended!
Haven't had them very long to test their durability, but the sound is great. Item I purchased did not come with a case for the headphones.
Good overall reproduction of music.  Not as good as I had hope in shutting out outside noise.  For the price a good choice!
I purchased these to use at work while listening to music on my android phone.  The different sizes of ear bud covers made it easy to find the one that worked in my ears to block outside sound.  I have very sensitive ears and many ear buds are uncomfortable to me.  These work great and are not uncomfortable.
*Disclaimer - I'm in no way an audio professional.  Read this review as if it is coming from just some guy who likes clear music and practicality.So, I bought these expecting an improvement over my Sony earbuds that I bought at Walmart, and to be honest, those Sony earbuds produced some great sound to start with (for their price).  So I was really only looking for a minor improvement, something with a little more clarity, especially in the high range.  That isn't exactly what I got out of these earbuds.  Don't get me wrong, the sound quality was good, but it wasn't good enough to make me want to buy these over my Sony pair.  It sounds like they don't have as rich of highs as I was expecting.  Mids and lows are rather nice, but it almost seems like "precision enhanced bass" is something that is meant to add more glitter to the product than anything.  Bass tones are fine, but not punchy like I've heard from other earbuds at a comparable price.  I would like to place a disclaimer though, I am comparing these, side by side, with the Sonys.  After listening to them by themselves for awhile, this is all stuff you are unable to really pickup on.The fit of the earbuds isn't the greatest.  The part of the earbud that is supposed to actually be inserted into the ear doesn't insert far enough before the cord gets in the way of the ear.  It constantly feels like they are going to fall out, and they do from time to time.  Now, I'm using the medium "cushions" (for lack of a better word) as the large don't fit in my ear, and when forced, don't produce a good sound.  I would prefer the distance between the tip of the earbud and the cord to be greater, to give more room to accomodate the bottom of my ear.Regarding comfort, you can just barely tell they are in your ears.  They are nice and soft, and after awhile, you just about forget you are wearing them (aside from fact that music doesn't just play out of thin air).I will start off talking about the cord by stating that it is assymetrical, which I realize has its uses, but is not my preference, so that is a personal downside for me.  It may not be for you.  The cord is made out of a nice silicone-like material (if not silicone itself), which means it doesn't tangle all that much, and when it does, it is easy to untangle.  I am not a fan of the plug.  Yes, it props the cord at 90 degrees to the jack, which is nice, but the entire plug is big and bulky.  I get the feeling that the only reason for that design is to fit the Sennheiser name on it.  A nice touch, but I could definitely do without it in exchange for a smaller plug.The travel bag that comes with these earbuds is actually really nice.  It is a leathery material that feels nice and soft, and has the Sennheiser logo printed on it in a glossy black.  It is a really nice looking bag.  The closing mechanism is pretty cool as well, not using any sort of latch or drawstring, but instead two strips of (what I assume to be) metal that act as springs, always wanting to stay in the closed position.  They aren't hard to open, but will keep the earbuds safe inside.  My only gripe with the bag is it seems like it almost takes three hands to get the earbuds in it; two hands to keep the spring mechanism open, and one hand to stuff the earbuds inside.  Other than that, it is a pretty cool design.Overall, not bad earphones, but I don't think I would buy them over my Sony pair.  They do hold a close 2nd place though, and easily outrank most other earphones at this price.
These headphones were a huge disappointment.  They are muddy across all frequency ranges.  The highs are thin and not clear, the mids are hollow, and the bass is weak and does not have much presence.  However, this is my evaluation after having used the Sennheiser cx500's for about 2 years.  My cx500's broke, so I though I was getting a competent replacement.  After the huge let-down with these, I purchased a set of Klipsch Image s-4's.  While those were slightly better and more clear, they still do not match up to my old cx500's.  My advice is do not touch these.  Do yourself a favor...go on ebay and buy a set of cx500's for the same price.
I have really been enjoying the quality of these buds. I don't usually take the time to review an item but this is warranted. Crisp bass especially with some comply foam tips, although the gel ones it comes with are not bad. Clear highs and mids, as well as a good sound stage for IEM earbuds. Off center main wire with a longer wire to the right ear is nice so the main wire doesn't run down the middle. I happen to like the design and the thicker rubber insulation around wire makes for less kinking. Right angle jack is always a nice bonus to avoid damage to the wire at that insertion. So why one star you ask? While the build quality out of the box seemed sturdy, the left but has no output now and i can't identify the source of the problem. I have tried moving around the wire at different points rotating in the jack and nothing will get a peep of a sound out of the left bud. I have owned s4i, audio technicas, and even lower no name brands. while the quality of the sound varies on all the models I have owned (and these were one of the better pairs in terms of sound quality..) these have lasted the shortest by far. Crappy chinese knock off iphone headphones that sound like junk have lasted longer than these ten-fold. My window for returning them or exchanging them has just expired as of 10 days before they broke, so these are as good as trash. Since I can't exchange these for free, I don't know if it was just this pair that was faulty (no headphones i have ever owned lasted not even 2 months). Safe to say I won't buy from Sennheiser again when every other brand headphone I have bought of that caliber has yet to break - I'll stick with AT and Klipsch.
Exceptionally good sound quality for the price. I owned a pair before but lost them, I tried a few other more expensive ear buds my friends owned but none measured up to these so I purchased another pair.
After putting these ear-buds on I couldnt hear the usual office ambient noise. Sound quality is good and these ear phones are inexpensive. I would recommend these to my friends who are looking for ear-buds.
This is my second time buying these headphones ( what can I say I lost them unfortunately)Upon realizing this I shot back through my orders for the past year and quickly picked up the same pair.The earbuds are brilliant,Pros:Awesome case4 extra rubber buds,best quality for the priceCons:Left headphone cable is a bit shorter than the right and I am not sure for what reason..
These ear buds are the best i ever heard or uses. Great sounding bass and equals any Bose product at much lower price.
I purchased these to replace my almost seven-year-old factory earbuds without knowing what to expect out of them.  Frankly, I never cared about the sound quality of my earbuds--I only cared that I had some to use at school, in the gym, etc.  You could only imagine my surprise when I broke open the packaging and listened to these for the first time.WOW!  To say I was "impressed" is an enormous understatement.  I honestly never thought that earbuds could sound THIS AMAZING.  I was able to hear sounds that I did not even know were there, and I consider my hearing to be meticulous and in excellent standing due to the fact that I play the piano and guitar by hearing only.. but that's beside the point..As far as music is concerned, I listen to a variety of musical styles ranging from hard-hitting EDM, to soulful jazz, to classical greats, and these earbuds have greatly enhanced my experience with all of them.  They are simply superb!  ThebBass, mid-range, and treble are all crystal-clear and distinguished, yet not to the extent that that they become harsh on the ears.  For those who are looking for a set of earbuds that provide extraordinary sound, but at an economic price, these Sennheisers fill that niche perfectly!Now, it is important to note that I am writing this review with a "first impression" mindset as I have just received these in the mail.  As amazed as I am with these earbuds out-of-the-box, I know that I will continue to become increasingly impressed as they start to burn-in.  I honestly wish that I had found these earlier, because they really are an incredible set of earbuds!
If you care more about sound and fit from your earphones then looks,  buy these.  Musically these compare to earbuds costing 3x as much.  And they are very sturdy, I've had mine for over 5 years and they are still going strong. Buy them!
Bought this as a gift for a friend, so I have no idea how they are working. He hasn't complained at all though.
If you were in my position, you wanted a good pair of in-ear headphones but didn't feel like spending a ton. This hits the top of the bell curve of price/quality and I highly recommend them.The sound is solid across the board, and after a good burn in they sound excellent. They don't leak and do a decent enough job on the noise cancelling, but nothing amazing. The bass is neither overwhelming (as in it takes away from the mids/highs) or under-powered- as long as you actually give these some power aka turn the volume up, that's where they shine. For the price point, they replaced a Sony pair that I liked for the same reasons, and these are an improvement. The little bag they come with is fine, won't protect them from getting smashed or anything though.
Good quality for the price.  They are the earbuds I use watching movies on my Kindle Fire HD.  Definitely would reccomend them.
Ok, my previous review was all about how these earbuds lacked bass. I found that by going up a size with the in ear attachments, this problem went away. Now these sound just as great as advertised which makes me very happy. I've noticed that any cord vibrations are very noisy as the sound is transmitted straight into your ear. My old earbuds just sat on the surface of the ear, but because these actually go inside your ear, sound is transmitted up the cords. Also, I'm not a fan of having the cord size longer for one ear. This makes them too tight on one ear and too loose on the other. I don't like this design in general but many earbuds have this same "feature" now. Other than that, they work fine and the sound is GREAT!
I have narrow ear canals & have had nothing but disappointment when trying earbuds bought at local retailers.  This set has adjustable silicon pieces that make fitting the earbuds into my ears possible.  The music is clearer in quality AND much more enjoyable since I do not have to worry about my ears hurting!  Very glad that a friend of mine suggested these.
Not the best headphones I've used but they are pretty good.  Much richer sound than ipod/iphone earbuds.  I listen to punk rock so the bass boost is not so necessary, but it still enhances the music so overall I'm pretty happy with these earbuds.  I actually listened to a few trans/house songs on them and it sounds pretty awesome.  Because they comes with 3 ear bud rubber things they fit a lot better than any other earbuds that I have tried.  Since they have a snugger fit, they do cancel out background noise rather well. Perfect for commutes on the train.
I'll keep it short and simple, I loved my Klipsch IMAGE S4s, they broke after a year of use (which is a record tbh for me as I usually break earphones in 1 month) but these CX300B sound better, louder (way way louder) and have great fit on my ears. The also seem more durable than the Klipsch S4s.Good thing the were on sale and bought two.
Was looking for a decent pair of ear-buds and these are more than I had bargained for. Excellent value and great sound quality.
very good qualitty for i -phons or i-phod sound is graet light and usefull very good product i enjoy it
They sound good. Mine last about 5 years of every day use. J cord goes around back of neck. OK
The sound reproduction is great. Unfortunately I cannot use this when I have a music device in my pocket as the cord prevents the buds from reaching my ears.
These earphones sound decent, but the plug broke after the 3rd time I used them.  The gold plug fell out if the plastic housing.  I have owned many earphones and I have never had this type of failure.
Great bass and overall sound *if* you can get a good seal. I'm getting by with the large cushions for now.  If I press them in the sound improves massively, but they won't stay (tried all 3 sizes). Meanwhile, I've ordered some "tri-level" replacement ear cushions which I hope will fix up a couple pairs of in-ear headphones. I have some "cone-style" earplugs from Howard Leight (similar to Howard Leight FUS30-HP ) that work great; don't know why all in-ear headphones don't come with that design.Update: The replacement cushions I got work great! 6 pairs Lostearbuds Brand Tri-Level, Replacement Ear Cushions, Earbuds for Sound Isolating Earphones Size SMALL, They fit over 50 types, will fit 4.0mm to 6.5mm diameter speaker hole.  Five stars for the modified sound, minus one star for the lame stock cushions.
I bought these for my son. His last pair of Sennheiser wore out. This pair is updated and very nice. The case is handy and just rite size.
Came everything as expected. Fast. Gave them as a gift and recipient loved them. This is a nice pair of headphones
I love these headphones.  They cost more, but are well worth it.  they don't come out of my ears when I'm running.  Sound is great!
so good，i like it，the sound is great，and it is inexpensive hereif i need more earbuds，i will choice Sennheiser！good
First thing to say is that it comes in great packaging!When I opened them, they had a great feel to them before I even plugged them in.The wire is slightly rubberized, I like it. It is less rubberized than the Klipsch Image s4 chord, but it isn't plasticy like other inexpensive headphones. I am buying these to take to the gym because I don't want to break my Image s4's. I love Klipsch, I'd say it is better audio-wise by a slight margin, the CX300's are slightly too bass-heavy for me, some people love it though.Considering that I payed $30 for these and that my Image s4's cost double, this is the best pair I've seen in the price-range. If you don't want to spend the money on Image s4's, this is great. If you want more durability than the Image s4's, these are also great. Again I'd like to say the bass is a bit much.The headphones come with a great case, it is soft and opens in a cool way, fun to play with. It isn't as solid as the Image s4's aluminum case, but then again, these headphones can manage without the aluminum case! Also I'd like to say that the headphone itself feels a bit too light and plasticy, good for the gym, but just doesn't feel as durable as the wire of the cable for some off reason. The headphones come with 3 pairs of ear-bud tips, the shape of them is unique to the Sennheiser's and won't fit on other headphones. Also I have to say that my Klipsch double-flanged tips fit me better, I am using the smallest pair that came with the CX300's right now. One issue is that I wanted to put other ear-bud tips on these headphones, but they will not fit as Sennheiser has a unusually large driver to put the tip on.The highs and mids do get weaker in the CX300s as the bass is so strong, not a problem with the Image s4's.Another piece of info is that the right ear cable is longer than the left, I can deal with that, but many people don't like it.To be clear, if you don't need durability.. buy the Image s4's-and now they are around $45, you can also get a refurbished pair for $30(Ocean Reef Electronics on Amazon if you can, I've bought them before, they're basically new). If you want some durability, this is the best sound for the price.Other than this, there's a heavy bass pair of $9 Sonys that I love, they are sorta disposable, okay to lose yaknow.BEST UNDER $10- Sony MDR-ED12LPBEST UNDER $50- Sennheiser CX 300B MK IIBEST UNDER $100- Klipsch Image s4/s4i/s4aIf you're the audiophile under a budget, this should be your list!Again, I haven't burned them in much yet, and I haven't extensively taken to the gym, I hope I remember to come back to update!3 MONTH UPDATE:Work exactly the same as when I bought them- unlike the Klipsch Image s4s which began to short out as a result of constant use at the gym. These are very durable and the only pet peeve for me is the cable being two different lengths for the left and right ears.
me gusto el producto, lo que  mostro la foto, sin problema en la entrega,  compra satisfactoria producto en buena calidad
Great sound, nice bass and well worth the money.  The cord is too rubbery and tends to get tangled very easily..which is my only real compaint
These headphones are great! they produce great noise and seal in the sound so you cannot hear much of anything outside. Some problems I have is getting used to the loop on the back of the head to put on earphones. Also, I find it annoying how sometimes the earbud that goes around the back of your head falls out because the wire may pull the it, causing a shift in weight of the two earbuds.BUT OVERALL FANTASTIC
Just upgraded from cheap earbuds to this. Everything improved, sound and bass all together. Great product, still getting used to the asymmetrical cord however.
I bought these hoping they'd be a bit better quality. They fit the ears perfectly and do a great job of cancelling out background noise (so much so that I've missed a few phone calls) but to me, they don't live up to the Sennheiser name. The cord noise is unbearable, especially as a runner. The only way to combat this is to pull the headphone cord behind my head. I have a feeling that's what these were made for as suddenly, the left ear bud being on a significantly shorter cord makes a bit more sense.For future, I'd opt to go with full ear headphones from Senn. Those have yet to fail me or my expectations and remain closer to the HiFi quality I'd come to expect from Senn.
Great sound! Great noise attenuation! Excellent low and high frequencies response! Best performance on this price range! Carrying bag could be better.
I purchased these to replace a pair of Sony MDR-EX56 headphones that served long and well.  I did not find these to be as comfortable as the Sony's they replaced, I also didn't prefer the tone quality.  I have used these earbuds on an iPhone 4 as well as a few SanDisk Sansa MP3 players.  I always use either high bit-rate MP3s or VBR MP3's.  In the end, I ended up purchasing a pair of Sony MDR-EX210 earbuds which I LOVE!!!  Again, nothing against these earbuds.  People's personal taste in headphones/earbuds is a large factor.  These just weren't for me.
I bought these earphone in november and after two months of use the left earbud is silent. Interestingly this has happened with both Senn and Nu-force phones I had purchased off of Amazon.Seems to be a defect in the design/contruction of the product which the manufactureres need to address. I have heard this is a frequent complaint. Oherwise excellent buy for the sound quality and price.Hope I can garner a replacement from Senn. Nu force had replaced them but the new ones also died after a few months.
I bought these for a Christmas gift.  This is the pair asked for. great sound quality!  Now I want a pair for myself!
Good price and high quality earbuds that lives up to the Sennheiser name, an item that anyone with handheld music devices should have.
These are my second set of Sennheiser earbuds and I'm even happier with these as they are the extra bass models.  The sound quality is clean and clear and the bass is tight and punchy.  I almost expect the actually "feel" the base with I listen to certain songs.  I hope these last at least as long as my last pair, 1 year.
The earbuds are good for the price. Comes with extra buds to fit comfortably. Bass is decent. Overall a good pair of earphones for its price.
These are my second set of Sennheiser earbuds and I'm even happier with these as they are the extra bass models.  The sound quality is clean and clear and the bass is tight and punchy.  I almost expect the actually "feel" the base with I listen to certain songs.  I hope these last at least as long as my last pair, 1 year.
The earbuds are good for the price. Comes with extra buds to fit comfortably. Bass is decent. Overall a good pair of earphones for its price.
You know it's Sennheiser. Their products always impressed me with excellent sound quality. This CX 300 II really kicks what it stated for; precision bass enhanced. The bass might not be as heavy as those bass oriented Beats earbuds but the as I hear the bass rocking I also hear every other sound.Comfort: 9.5/10Sound: 9/10Bass: 9/10Ambient Bass: 10/10Material: 8.5/10Design: 8/10Another good stuff. I owned CX 680i and HD 380 Pro.
This was to be my second set of the CX 300 series earbuds.  I loved the first ones - sound quality was great, they were light and very comfortable.  I was fully expecting generation II to be as good if not better.  Unfortunately Sennheiser made a huge mistake with the plug design.Most headphone plugs are a tight right angle so the plug fits tightly against the device and doesn't protrude far.  Sennheiser decided for some reason that the 'body' of the plug should extend about 3/4 - 1" (sorry don't have a ruler at the airport).  This does a few things:-  Makes whatever device you plug it into about an inch taller-  Very easy to bump and spin the plug now since it sticks out so far - often resulting in static noiseI have no idea why Sennheiser thought this was a good idea.  I've owned about 20 sets of ear buds and cannot fathom any reason why this design makes sense.
I'm no audiophile but I am picky about the quality of sound I'm listening to. These earbuds take a few days, maybe more, to burn in but once they do they deliver a nice range of sounds all across the board. While less punchy than Skullcandy earbuds these deliver enough to satisfy me. The cord was a little short for my liking, on the left ear, but otherwise these are great. Note that these ARE A-symmetrical, meaning the right ear has a longer cord than the left which is meant to be wrapped behind your head as opposed to the front.
Great build quality and sound for around $30. Very small but the fit is good...not great but good enough, especially under a stocking hat while Nordic skiing. Bass at times may be too much and is not natural.  Highs are good, but not natural.  Sure ear buds have better sound, fit and build quality, but cost more.
The Sennheiser delivers more than I have expected even if it is cheap.  It really hits the bass so I am satisfied.  Although at some point when the song have high trebles, the trebles really stands out that I need to minimize the volume so it wont be irritating.
Clear highs, deep lows, overall these headphones are great. The left end of the earphone cord is shorter than the right, which I found annoying at first. I am used to it now and it is really no big deal. These earbuds do take some time to burn in and their sound will be best after several dozen hours of playing music through them.
These earbuds have excellent sound quality - we purchased through Amazon to get the 2 year warranty.  One side is longer on the cord for you to put behind your head, and then down the side.
SOUND:These headphones are marketed as 'Bass Enhanced,' but the bass is standard, maybe even a bit sub par. That is, until you set your EQ to Bass Booster. Then it sounds nearly perfect, not too overpowering, and creating a nice ambient soundstage while giving the beat a solid backbone.The mids and highs are a bit too bright, but I haven't burned in the buds yet.Overall good sound quality though, more than competitive for a headphone of this price.HARDWARE:The build quality is solid and doesn't feel cheap or plasticky. However, the cord is very thin. This fits in its theme of a low-profile, discrete listening device. The product is very inconspicuous and discrete, which I like. Not seeing many uses for the assymetrical cord, but its not detracting from anything either. The 90* jack is always a plus point, and the Sennheisers have it. The complimentary carrying bag is surprisingly well made, with suede-leather and a magnetic opening.TL;DR - Good sound quality, great bass without being overpowering. Solid build quality. Good value for the 30 bucks.
I got my first iPod in 2004, and, realizing how awful the Apple ear buds were, quickly acquired a pair of Sony in-ear buds so I could better enjoy my music. That pair expired in Nov. 2008, so I got a new pair of Sonys then. Almost like clockwork, that pair expired four years later. I don't know if four years is a reasonable lifespan for ear buds, with heavy usage and usually stuffing them (indelicately) in my laptop bag when done with them.In any event, I sought some advice from friends, and one who does audio production in Hollywood thought these from Sennheiser should do the trick. At first, it seemed he was dead wrong. The sound just wasn't quite right, and the right ear bud just didn't feel good in my ear. I was even on the verge of trying to send them back.Before doing so, however, I tried other adapters/tips for the right ear. I swear I did this when I first got it, and stuck with the medium size as I always had. But...turns out for the right ear (strangely, just the right), the large size works best. After realizing this, these buds are true keepers. The bass is solid and full without being overwhelming, the midranges are clear and clean, and the top is vibrant. I listen to a lot of live music (bootlegs are wonderful things) and these handle live music very well, not to mention studio recordings. Wonderful sound quality!The little pouch included with the buds is handy...as I use that and treat the buds with a little more care, they should last longer than four years (I hope).Don't hesitate to try these. The quality is very very good, and at this price, the value is hard to beat.
I have not tried the expensive high end earbuds and because these sound so good I won't have to. Totally satisfied with the quality of sound these produce. And the price is phenominal. Thanks for all the research/input of an earlier review I gave these a try and still can't figure out why they are so cheap...Or are the others just overpriced?
Quite simply, these earbuds are blowing me away. They are the best sounding pair of earbuds I've ever tried. The sound is amazingly full, and the bass is so deep and rich that it's hard to believe it's coming out of a small pair of earbuds.The box advertises these buds as having the following qualities: Noise-isolating, precise, and enhanced bass. In my opinion:Noise-isolating: Very good job, once you put on the proper size bud tip. I haven't tried them in very noisy environments (like an airplane or a subway), but in medium noise environments, I hear nothing but music at even moderate volume levels.Precise: Absolutely. It's sounds cliched, but I'm defiantly hearing parts of songs I've never heard before. Acoustic guitars sound crystal clear, which I think is a good indicator of precision.Enhanced Bass: No question about it. MASSIVE bass for an earbud.Overall, I think this product is great for all types of music (I've tried it with Rock, Metal, Rap, Trance, House, Acoustic, Pop, etc.), but it really shines with any music that features prominent bass (rap, electronica) or clear notes (not metal).Highly recommended for the price.Update: After using these for a while, I have one complaint - the cord. For some reason, the cord for the left earbud is shorter than that for the right. Also, the cord tangles way too easily. If I could give these earbuds a 4.5 out of 5 I would, but due to their awesome sound, I'll leave the rating at 5.
Really like the sound quality of these earbuds.  Only minor complaint is that the cord is very fine and has the ability to tangle a bit easily (but show me a pair that doesn't!).
As a rating for the actual quality itself: 4 1/2 stars. The product does everything claimed.As for the actual headphones? 2 stars. The pair I received in the mail today were terrible. The headphones were fine, but the appearance wasn't. The right ear bud chord length was almost double the left ear bud length. As for someone like me whom is highly OCD, this drove me nuts after about 2 minutes. I couldn't stop focusing on the chord length and enjoy my damn music. Hopefully if you buy these, yours is different.
Only think what is valued is headset storage bagHeadset no microphone and tuning key,Acoustics generalAppearance commonBlack, be able to bear or endure dirty
For most people these will sound fine plugged straight into your mp3 player, and for $32 price matched at my local retailer i wasnt expecting much. I am an audiophile. Huge sound snob. I own DAC's and Tube amplifiers i typically use with high end cans. Some of those high-end cans are Sennheiser, and i have always loved the brand. With that said.. I bought these for all the times I dont want a massive set of earphones on or dont want to carry a amp around. I plug them into a ipod mini. These sound comparable to headcandy in-ear phones except they are brighter. Too bright. After 72 hours of beating them in at max volume on a 5w class-a mosfet tube amp they were still too bright. Not nearly as bad as they were when i first tried them, but still very annoying on anything with a high hat. I bought these based on the "S4 Killer's" review and i regret my decision. The worst part about these is the cord. You would swear it's coated in adhesive the way it sticks to clothing. They are constantly being pulled out of my ears while moving around. Extremely frustrating and what made them end up in the trash. I do not reccomend these headphones for anyone active. Doesnt matter how cheap they are for decent sounding headphones, it's not worth the frustration. Honestly the fact that the cord is the way it is on the second revision of these headphones makes me seriously doubt where sennheiser is headed. They have done really poor things in the past, like charging literally 2 times the money for the same headphone where the only difference is baffling material inside the enclosure. The cheaper ones have the baffle.. so they actually cost the manufacture more to produce. Hope they get it together and go back to being awesome.
I use these mother effers non stop.  I am still on my first set of earbud rubber things but they give you another pair (maybe even two, I never have to use them).  I run with them constantly and they always stay in my ears, even when I'm sweating profusely.  Plus they have the one headphone with the longer string so you can wrap it around the back of your neck and you don't get it hanging down in front of you and bouncing around.  Great sound, great execution.
In less then six months these the end of the ear bud that goes to the jack was messed up where I could only hear one side.  I attempted to return it to Sennheiser via their return system and they shipped the product back to me without replacing it or repairing the jack.
I've had them for about 6 months now and haven't regretted buying them once. Just now  i am starting to hear static, i've heard it twice for like half a second but they have undergone heavy usage. One thing that's different than the description and the box is the Hertz, On here it shows to be like 42hz-17,000hz, But according to the box they are 19hz-21,000hz. Thats a good thing by the way.
I use my earbuds everyday. I've used all types previsouly, and have historically spent a lot of money on earbuds/headphones. These deliver $100+ sound for $35. Great dynamic range, fits in the ear snug. I use these biking too work, running and working out and rarely have the buds fallen out. Also, I take these everywhere. They hold up well over time, but my only minor complaint would be durability. The cords are not really well protected, but they do hold up pretty well. My last pair of these got a bit clogged with earwax, but still performed admirablyPros: quality of sound is very good, low cost, good range, lightweight, great fit.Cons: durability isnt great, but good enough
Just placed and order for my 4th pair over MANY years. I always come back to these headphones. I use them for working-out so they take a good beating. The sound and fit are great, especially for this price range. I will add, I went to school for audio engineering so my ears are well trained; these buds are winners.
I love these earbuds!  They have great sound and are more durable than more expensive models.  I have owned cheap Sony's (~$30), expensive Moda's (~$100) and even more expensive Shure's (~$130) and I like these Sennheiser's the best.  To give you a little background, I use my earbuds with my ipod on my daily commute.  The insulation on the wiring of the Sony's started to fray within 3 months.  The connection at the actual earbud itself broke on the Moda's with A MONTH.  The Shure's were the most durable, which eventually broke at the connection to the earbud as well after a little over a year.  However, the sound quality on the Shure's were not as good as the Sennheiser.  Again, I did not spring for the $200 model of the Shure's, which I'm sure has much better sound quality.  These Sennheiser's held up for about 2 years and I'm buying the same model to replace my broken ones.  I highly recommend these!
I found these headphones to be a good value. Would be a good upgrade to some of the cheap headphones that are included with some mp3 players.
I'll mention right from the start that I am by no means an audiophile.  I purchased these to replace some of the stock Apple earbuds that you receive with an iPhone.  As a consultant I travel a great deal and wanted something that was easy to pack and carry, sounded nice and was comfortable to wear on flights.  Due to this criteria I really wasn't interested in the larger headphones as I have enough "stuff" to travel with as it is.These earbuds have proven to be much more comfortable than the Apple earbuds ever were, both the older versions and the new versions available with the iPhone 5.  With multiple tip sizes to choose from it was simply a matter of trial and error to find the ones I liked the most (small).  The travel bag also makes them easy to wrap and stuff away quickly into my backpack.  They take up minimal room and are extremely light.  The sound is very good to me.  But again I am not an audiophile by any stretch of the imagination.  In a simple comparison to my Apple earbuds the difference seemed quite drastic.  It was almost like the sound coming from the Apple buds was an echo from the Sennheisers.  It was quite remarkable.  I've had these a few months now and still enjoy them greatly.  They're holding up very well.
I did a lot of on-line research for comfortable, affordable, and good sounding earbuds and picked these.  They are everything the previous reviewers said they would be!
I loved these earbuds up until the moment I lost them.  I will be buying another pair as soon as my "back-ups" Klipsch S4 give out.Update: Yes, I bought another pair.  Very happy with these!
The earbuds arrived in what appeared to be beautiful factory packaging, but from there it was all downhill.  Th extra earpieces were not in the package, which I could live with, or without.  But the line that goes to the left ear was too short and the right line was twice as long!  Worst of all, I had bought a $5 pair at a discount store to use until I could get these ordered, and the Sennheisers only sound marginally better!  Is it possible that these are imitations or factory seconds?  If I had bought these locally I would have taken them back, but it is not worth the hassle otherwise.  I have had Sennheiser portables before that were excellent in quality so would not judge all of their products by these.
After trying several lower dollar headphones, I stepped up to these. The fit is comfortable, and I use the buds it comes with. For those with different sized ears, there are other buds you can use to get a better fit.The most impressive (and probably important) attribute is the sound quality. This isn't necessarily audiophile quality sound here, but these headphones provide fantastic bass. No more hollow sounding tunes for me.One feature I really like about these headphones is how well they muffle sounds from around you. If I have them in and no music is playing, it really is hard to hear conversations around you (I'm using this in a cubicle environment). With music playing, I generally can't hear people (so to get my attention you have to get in my line of sight, or email me, lol). I find this beneficial, because it allows me to block out distractions and focus on work.As far as comfort; I've worn these only for a max of an hour or two at a time, but with no issues as far as comfort is concerned, and I'm confident I could go on wearing them much longer.Bottom line; great sound for the money. Sure, you can get 10% better sound for 100% more money, but you're at the point of diminishing returns then.
If I didn't toss and turn so much in my sleep, I'd sleep with these in. They are comfy and sound amazing.
Second pair of headphones that weren't skullcandy pairs or UE and these were awesome! The enhanced bass actually delivers pretty well!I also dropped them on the streets while walking to class and I eventually found them the next day on the street and they definitely had been run over by multiple cars but the metal ring help up pretty well and they work fine. Only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I didn't know they were the ones with different cord lengths on each side but it's not too bad! They stay in pretty well when I run. Overall, sound is awesome and super durable apparently!
Totally worthwhile. It's very comfortable. I had a hard time finding the right earphone, but this one totally works. I recommend it very much.
I bought two of these because the last one I had the right earphone stopped working after a couple months, the two I recieved where terrible, after reading these reviews I think they might be fake, mine were sold by amazon itself. I kept one pair in the package because I figured I'd return them but the one I did open and try the right ear was ALREADY barely even audible!!! The left is normal volume, this means that in order to hear music properly I have to blast my left ear....not acceptable!!! I have had numerous other senheisser earphones that were AWESOME! hence why I keep trying these, not sure if I received fakes or not but something is up with this model, avoid!
I've had these earbuds for a couple of months and they have not broken like other cheap earbuds might.  They have reasonable sound quality.  They are behind the head earbuds.
My personal opinion is that I was pleasantly surprised when I used this product. The sound is very good, the base is much stronger like they advertise, and the ear buds are the comfortable I have ever used.
my complaints:highly microphonic -- the slightest brush or lightest bump of cord against clothing is loudly transmitted to the ears. yes, this behavior is characteristic of this type of earphone, but these are significantly worse than other pairs I have owned. it is true that placing the longer cord behind the neck reduces this problem somewhat, but just not enough.highly microphonic 2 -- I happened to walk in front of an operating table-top fan set at medium speed. the noise of that modest air movement past the earphones swamped the music being played. it would seem these earphones would be unusable for walking or running outdoors in any conditions but absolutely calm winds (and ignoring cord movement).difficult insertion -- of all the pairs of earphones I have owned, these are the most difficult to insert.  in order to get a complete seal from external noise and get full sound reproduction, they feel as if they must inserted much farther into the ear than I am used to. also, as noted by others, the air pressure resulting from the deep insertion can be uncomfortable and there appears to be no method for relieving that pressure.large audio jack -- as noted by others, the jack is quite large and bulky. compared to 4 other mobile headphone jacks I have handy, this jack appears to be 50% larger and sticks out from the music player much farther (11/16ths of an inch) versus 7 to 9/16ths for those others measured.  perhaps this complaint is a nit, but its impact is magnified by the other inadequacies of these earphones.yes, these earphones sound quite good. although, I did have to boost the high end on my music player in order to achieve some balance with the seemingly base-heavy sound.I succumbed to all the rave reviews and did not pay enough attention to the others who voiced these same complaints. these are only adequate as a backup pair of earphones. I am still looking for a quality pair of in-ear phones that are easy to insert and comfortable for extended periods, that minimize the microphonic tendencies of the cords, and that produce reasonable quality sound with a reasonably flat frequency response. is this possible in the sub-$100 price range?  in the sub-$150 range?
If you're looking at the 300Bs... You've probably already done your homework. If you're like me, you've been  contemplating on the S4i's or these. I'm not going to you with a subjective review but there are my personal pluses and minuses:Plus:Balanced sound compared to the "Beats" type IEM'sSmooth top endSlight "bump" in the lowest octave, but not muddyGREAT PRICEMinus:Cord tends to tangleBuild quality not as great as the S4i II.For $35 you can't go wrong. By the way, the DO REQUIRE BURN IN TIME. The first hour or two they were terrible... Tinny, hard mid range, and cruddy on the bottom end. After 4 hours of looping MP3's... WOW... 12 Hours later... Sooo glad I bought these!
Originally I was put off with my purchase because the left ear bud length is substantially less than the right ear bud. I thought this was going to make the product unmanagable but I gave it a shot and was completely satisfied with the comfort and sound quality. The design of the headset this way is to keep the cable from being in front of your body and more off to the side.
These ear buds are really as described by seller.Excellent sound for that amount of money.Sits nicely in ear and cable is long enough not like some others that I used before.I would recommend these to everyone who doesn;t really care for brand name but quality of the sound.
I don't consider myself an audiophile, but sound quality is important to me. These have more than impressed me and their currently shaking my ears! The bass response is incredible, I can literally feel them vibrating in my ears as I write this. They're very comfortable and make a great seal. I've recommended these to all my friends and recommend them to anyone reading this! You won't be disappointed. Be sure to buy direct from Amazon though to avoid getting a counterfeit.
After extensive research and reading numerous reviews, including my previous experience with Sennheiser, and the most helpful and positive review from Ted S. "Kilpsch Image S4 killers, November 17, 2011 ", I bought the Sennheiser CX300 MX II. I simply don't like writing reviews and I will not go into extensive detail about the pros and cons, but as a heads up to someone that want a quality product, do not buy the Sennheiser CX300 MX II. The problem with these headphone/earbuds is the asymmetrical cable. After the split to each ear-bud the cable becomes significantly thinner. The poor quality cable is so sensitive that you simply cannot move your head or even breath without getting interference. I own other Sennheiser products, including a professional microphone, but I am very disappointed and annoyed with this product. I want my money back.
I was looking for higher-level earbuds and checked out several sites and many editors and consumer reviews before settling on these. From the first track, they provided excellent range and presence. Solid low-end as well as high-end without missing any of the mid-range. If you want serious high-fidelity, earbuds are not the answer. But if you want an easily-portable solution for listening to your iPod, and want something more than the $$ teen range of earbuds, this is a great choice.
I love the product.  Before I bought, I read reviews about too much bass.  I've found that the amount of bass depends on how far one inserts the buds.  Deeper insertion = more bass.  I keep them inserted fully for my rock & roll because I like the bass.  However, even with full insertion, it does not overwhelm the higher pitched tones of guitar, vocals, or snare drum.  I think they sound great on both a Sansa Fuze and Sony Walkman.  I do not consider myself an audiophile but I'm more discerning about sound than most people.I rated it 4 stars because the cord for the right ear is much longer than the left ear.  I had never seen this before.  I'm not sure this is correct but I wrap the right cord around the back of my neck.
I got these once before a while back, and have been waiting for a good deal to come along, and it finally did.  These are great earbuds.
i use it on the train and can still hear well. the in-ear style is good as it doesn't slip out of your ears and help to isolate outside noises.  i think it's definitely worth its price.
In my opinion for the price, these are some awesome sounding earbuds.They are comfortable, and do not hurt my ears after wearing them for a few hours.They lock outside sound pretty well. and they look good. Awesome engineering Sennheiser. Thanks.
Bass hits and is decent.  Only thing i didn't know it was a symmetrical which sucks if you like to wear your cable in the front.
Not much sound isolation when in the car with people or around people. Definitely not for use on a plane,you need over the ear noise cancelling headphones for that,you really won't hear anything much on a plane.It really does emphasise the bass above the other sounds,that is if you really like bass no matter what song you're listening too.
Listening to my ipod is a great insomnia cure, but it requires comfy earbuds. These do the job. This is my third or fourth pair--can't remember which--they get a lot of use. My reasons for replacing them have varied: the rubber doughnut things fell off one night and I couldn't find them, I broke a wire somewhere and the sound kept cutting in & out, I wanted a spare to take on a trip. But I've got no complaints about quality or price.
The Sennheiser Cx ear buds were one of the best fitting and most comfortable ear buds I have ever used however, they only lasted about a year.
After 2 months use of these earphones, the jack came away from the housing. The Sennheiser distributor in Poland said it was an 'evident mechanical fault' which apparently is not covered by the guarantee and refused to repair them. And Saturn Planet, where I bought them, washed their hands of the problem. Avoid this manufacturer.
I was so hoping these would work, and was excited to have found high sound quality for a low price! I only use them occasionally, but even then, somewhere in the angled connecting jack, there's something loose. It wiggles around, causing my right earbud to short out. It's now permanently disconnected, rendering these headphones dead for me. I hate having to spend more money and will probably go for the Bose now, to thoroughly invest.
I'm SO disappointed and angry!! I've bought 2 sets from Sennheiser before and they were amazing. Sound and durability were A+, I get this set as a gift and within less than week of use, they're torn! No, I do not treat them harshly. In fact, I've been extra careful with them, even using the pouch that's included. I suspected that the extra bulky jack would be a problem, but I never imagined that it would TEAR.I really hope they honor their warranty on this product and that this is a fluke. Otherwise, it's certainly not worth it to spend 4x the amount of earbuds that break before you can even enjoy them.
I just threw out my second pair in the last year.  Both had a sudden drop in volume to minimally useful level.  i see online that many others had the same issue.Sound quality was superb but it is rather important that the sound continues for at least a few years, isn't it?i am giving Klipsch a try now...we'll see.
The only reason I've ever had to get a new pair of these other than because I've lost them.  I've left them out in the rain and they got ran over on a gravel driveway and they still worked fine.  I've had a pair of Klipsh image S4s and they were shit. The silicon ear pieces always fell off and the cord broke within weeks of having them.  Im no audiophile so I can't say too much about the sound other than they've never disappointed me. BUY THESE
The wire had broken right at the place where connected to the right earbud after 4 months of use.Now only the left is still working properly.
Earbuds came with uneven non-adjusable chords. Figured I'll tolerate this manufacturing malfunction, but now they don't even work after 6 months. Can't return now.
Fantastic, simply put as good as full traditional headphones near twice their price which is saying a hell of a lot, absolutely a must have for anyone that want to jog wit fantastic audio minus the whole over ear headphone thing that can cause problems. By the way as for the traditional headphones yeah Sennheiser makes fantastic one of them as well
I have been using this for last 3 years and I bought in some deal for 20 dollars. I am not a heavy user, but this is what I use while I work everyday. I would recommend to anyone, its light weight and awesome.
cant say that i've put a lot of time in listening to them, but initial impression overall is good sound quality.  nice rich bass and decent balance on mid and upper tones. decent efficiency = dont have to turn up my ipod to get them loud enough.  good noise isolation.i purchased these to replace a set of sony earbuds that died.  i've been a repeat sony user simply because i liked running the cord behind my neck.  these sennheisers definitely have a richer sound quality over the sony units, but the cord quality i thought was a little thin and the sizing of the cushions were not quite right at first.  needed to switch between medium and large sizes a few times.  after about a week of wearing for about an hour a day, settled on mediums.  they somehow fit better over time though.  happy with purchase.would give 5 stars if the cord and strain reliefs were of better quality.
I had another pair of Sennheiser earbuds that I really liked but gave to someone else.  Bought these as a replacement.  They have more bass than my original pair.
I've been through 3 sets of variations on the Sennheiser CX-300's. I've tried others, Creative, A-Jay, cheap of the shelf ones. And came back to this one because for IE phones they have some of the best bass I've found in the price range on the previous versions. The new bass "enhanced" model sounds nice even with very little burn in and should get better.They've also changed the cord and strain relief. All of my previous sets have worn out at the plug strain relief so maybe this modification will help them last longer.Good sound for the price range.The large ear inserts fit me (some don't, big ear canals?)I now measure against a high end IEM, the Westones UM3X at about $400 they blow any of these away for definition from lows to highs, but not a set you want to run around with at that price! But for normal uses the Sennheiser has become my favoite. I should check on return policy as some were less than a year and the most 2 years.Westone UM3X Triple Driver Monitor Earbuds (with Removable Cable)
Bought them after reading good reviews. They are comfortable to wear and have good sound quality. but don't last very long. I've had three pairs go bad so far; now I'm wondering if I should be looking for something else.
Sounded nice while they lasted, but after one month of incredibly light use, the right earbud no longer works. Simply unacceptable build quality.
Product was purchased new, but arrived with cracked opened packaging and only one functioning earbud.The sound out of the functioning speaker was fairly good, but ultimatly pointless. Would not buy again.
First I would like to point out that I had these earphones for 3 years now and I'm writing based on my experience with them.These were the best earphones I ever heard for that kind of money anything better would probably cost 3 times as much and I don't think the difference will be that much also I would like to point out at how durable they are I wear them while running and exercising and at many points they were accidentally snatched out of my ears (by me :S) and they still survived and still sound great (especially the bass).I would definitely recommend them to anyone.
I grew up listening to the Beatles on a reel to reel player. Been through the cassette tapes, cds, and now digital audio. At the same time I have tried every type of headphone available on the market but not the in-ear earbud type. I tend to buy high priced headphones but probably will never do that again. Stop searching, buy this. If you are used to the old style headphones, these will take a few days to get used to. The key is to find the right size ear-piece(one that will direct the sound into ear canal directly). The product comes with 3 size ear-pieces. I went back and forth several times and when I dialed it in right, there is no comparison. I am comparing them to Sennheiser HD438 headphones. These cost less and sound better, but you have to set them just right for them to sound right. I have done that and I am sold. Won't listen to music on the old school headphones anymore unless I break the cord on the earbuds. Haven't worked out with them, so I can't speak to that. But these earbuds are not advertised to be that kind of earbud. Jam on. Note: There are third party vendors selling this product for 1$ or 2$ less than Amazon, this means that these sellers will show up first in Amazon's search results. If you search for this product and check "Amazon Only" in the seller column on the left you can purchase from Amazon for pennies more. This will guarantee that you get the manufacture's warranty. Rock on!!!!
I have had these buds for about 2 years and they are still my favorite.  I am not an audiophile by any means, but I can tell the difference between crappy sound and good sound.  These buds have great range no matter what kind of music you listen to (depending on the file bit rate, obviously).  The bass is nice and deep and the treble resonates without being annoying no matter what volumne.  I also have a pair of Beats by Dre and in a year I have already popped my left monitor.  But the CX300 are still blastin' and I use them at a minimum of 40 hours a week.  If you want something better than free apple buds and the $10 Skullcandies that break at the plastic seams but don't want to spend more than $50, these are the way to go!
This is my second pair and I still love them. I just wish that they could avoid that awful CX300 badge that is at display. Sound quality is great, a little too much bass but thats usual with in ear headphones. Will keep buying Sennheiser for sure.
I owned 3 of these headphones and I just love them.  I got one for workplace and one for home usage and another one for my wife.  We just love them.  The sound and base come from this headphone is awesome.  The price is decent too. If you're looking for a nice and decent price headphone, this is IT!
I bought these because I heard that Sennheiser was a quality brand, and while these aren't the most expensive earbuds I figured they'd allow me to hear more nuances of the music than my $10 generic cheapie pair I've had for the last few years. However, this was not very apparent. The bass is very good, and the noise cancellation is excellent. For the price I paid, (under $40) I have no complaints at all, I just was expecting to be a little more blown out of the water than I was.
I was a little hesitant about buying these headphones, but these are superb. I love the Sennheiser brand, and these headphones are impeccable. Not only do they fit well in my ears but the sound quality is unmatched. I was glued to my Apple headphones, but not anymore. Sennheisers are the way to go as far as convenience and quality goes. The cord length is perfect, and the added pouch keeps them protected in my pocket. I would recommend these to anyone looking for an upgrade (especially from the Apple headphones).
This is a long review so I'll get straight to the bottom line first:  you absolutely can't go wrong with these earbuds, particularly as an upgrade to the ones that came with your mobile phone or iPod.  Now that's out of the way, on to the details.In terms of sound quality, these don't disappoint.  I decided on these after the pair of Samsung buds included with my Galaxy Nexus went out, and I wanted an upgrade over the very average, muddled sound they offered (decent sound for a free pair of buds).  I had already purchased those other darlings of the Internet, the Klipsch S4, for my wife and decided I wanted to try something different (more on that in a moment).  These Sennheiser's offer a very good, flat-ish frequency response, crisp highs and mids, full, tight bass, very open soundstage (especially for earbuds), and no detectable distortion.  Sound isolation is average for earbuds.  If I have any minor nitpicks with the sound, it's that some higher-end frequencies may fall off a little.  More specifically, silibant sounds (like "s-sounds" from a vocalist, or cymbal or top-hat crashes) may lose a little clarity.  However, this is a very minor nitpick; most people will hardly notice anything.  For a more scientific review check this out:  [...]Some things to note about the headphones themselves:  I'd say build quality is average.  They seem durable enough but nothing special.  Aesthetically, there's very little to set them apart from the multitudes of other earbuds, but that's fine by me.  The buds rest just inside your ear canal, and are some of the most comfortable buds I've worn.  They come with two pairs of alternate-size cups, and if you select the right size for your ear, they create a pretty decent seal.  They also come with a faux-leather carrying pouch, which I find quite useful for stuffing into my pocket without having to worry about damage or pocket lint.  They also have an asymmetrical cord design, which means you're meant to drape the bud with the longer cord around the back of your neck (rather than in front), so as to keep the cord out of your way.  Some people will like this, others won't.  I can take it or leave it.  This is a no-frills pair of buds that attempt to provide the best sound quality for your buck.Finally, since sound quality is ultimately subjective, probably the best way to judge for yourself is by comparison.  I'm sure there are many worthy and viable alternatives in this price range, but the most popular (and what I have experience with) are the Klipsch S4's.  Are they Klipsch killers?  Well, yes and no.  First, the Klipsch are a little more difficult to wear in my opinion.  For the longest time, I wasn't wearing them properly (creating a good seal in my ear canal), so I was falsely underwhelmed.  However, I discovered you basically have to cork-screw them into your ear canal.  I found it slightly unsettling at first, but got used to it.  I also found that all the praise the Klipsch were getting from professional reviewers and regular customers alike was completely justified.  The Klipsch have a similarly good frequency response, and I found the sound (particularly the highs) to be a little more defined.  Overall, the Sennheiser buds have a more open sound field and have a slightly warmer sound, whereas the the Klipsch sound is slightly more detailed and crisp (almost a little harsh), and have a tad bit more bass, although neither buds are bass slouches.  All this will boil down to personal preference, but I think the Klipsch edge out the Sennheiser by the narrowest of margins.  Also, the Klipsch come in a version (S4i) with an inline mic and volume buttons to use with your iPhone or Android for about $20 more.  The MSRP for the regular Klipsch are $90 (I think), but can be had on Amazon for ~$50, which is a phenomenal value.  Perhaps the only better value, however, are the Sennheiser pair (MSRP $80, Amazon price $35-$40).  At that price the quality-to-value is unbeatable.  Between the two, go for the Klipsch S4 if you're a bass-head or want the inline accessories.  Otherwise, the Sennheiser CX300-ii are a worthy alternative for even less change.  I guarantee you won't find better sound quality in a $35 pair of earbuds.If you made it through this entire review, thank you.  I hope it helps.UPDATE 2/28/14:  It pains me to say I finally sold these babies. They'll be sorely missed.  Alas, I now have the bug and have since moved on to better and more expensive headphones (the IEMs I now use are the Yamaha EPH-100 and the Philips Fidelio S2).  However, I remain very impressed by these IEMs and don't regret for a second buying them.  I still believe they remain one of the best, if not the very best, cost-to-quality values in earbuds/IEMs. A few lasting impressions after almost 2 years of use - I still feel sound quality is excellent despite using much more expensive cans.  I actually ended up marginally preferring their sound signature to the Klipsch S4s, even though the Klipsch have slightly more detail.  They're also a lot more durable than I even gave them credit for.  I left these in my pants pocket once, and they ended up going through the wash and part of a dry cycle before I rescued them.  Yet there was no sign of damage and they still worked perfectly.  Unbelievable.  They'll keep a special place in my audiophile heart.
The sennheiser CX 300B MKII precision headphones are pretty much simply amazing and extraordinary headphones for a great price, excellent!
The sound quality is good, though they're a bit lacking in the low end of the spectrum. Noise canceling is excellent as long as you're not wearing them inside a motorcycle helmet, which I am. They do not seem to be able to cancel out wind noise as well as other earbuds, like JVC Marshmallows, or Skullcandys.
Good sound and comfortable fit, use them every day with no discomfort.Nice headphones for the price, the best under $100!
They'll be lucky to last a month.  Plus, I hate it when the wire for one side is shorter than the wire on the other side.  Of course, the wire is so thin and flimsy, they'll fall apart soon, so it really doesn't matter.
Short and sweet unless you hate earbuds these are a must have.  I looked at buying a "better" set as my beater V-Moda set died and needed something durable for the beach and rugged use.  I own the of Shure high-end ones you see people get molds of their ears for and of course love them... very very flat response as they should be.I wanted a little more boom for banging around with and these are 100% perfect.  The bass is close to what you might hear with a good set of over-the-ear cans.  I have excellent hearing and when I play music at higher volumes I want just that, volume!  I would say that is the best strength of these is that trait.  The bass is strong all the way through... but the big surprise is the delicate sounds you miss with cheap headphones and buds.  I would put these right up there with my Shure setup... for a ton less money.  If you do not like these then you are either impossible to please or need to get a hearing test.
These Sennheiser's are great in that they are designed in such a way that they actually will stay in one's ears and not fall out, they have good quality sound (bass and treble), and they block out the majority of background noise very well. These are perfect for the commuter who wants to listen to their Portable music device on the bus or train, and at 30-30$ its just as good of sound as the 100+ earbuds out there.
I have purchased from Sennheiser before, so when my old earbuds from another company stopped working, I thought I'd give these a try. Overall, I am happy with them.Positive:Good sound qualityLess interference with these via the cord rubbing/touching anything vs. my old pairRight angle of plug is much better than the straight kind. I feel like it's much more durable and less likely to have issues in the future if it bumps anything.Carrying case is a very nice bonus. I use mine all the time to prevent them from being damaged when in my bag.Neutral:Asymmetrical cord. You can either like these or not.Negative:Sometimes one of the earbuds tends to fit less snugly than the other. I'm not sure if that particular adapter is slightly smaller than the other, but moving up in size for that one would make it too big, so I'm stuck. Not a big negative though, as it usually stays in.EDIT/UPDATE: The problem earbud hasn't fallen out in quite some time, and I'm not sure exactly what caused the issue previously or why it has changed. I'll maintain that for the first year or two it had this problem, but somehow it now conforms properly to my ear. Go figure.
This is my second pair and I still love them. I just wish that they could avoid that awful CX300 badge that is at display. Sound quality is great, a little too much bass but thats usual with in ear headphones. Will keep buying Sennheiser for sure.
I owned 3 of these headphones and I just love them.  I got one for workplace and one for home usage and another one for my wife.  We just love them.  The sound and base come from this headphone is awesome.  The price is decent too. If you're looking for a nice and decent price headphone, this is IT!
These earbuds are simply outstanding and I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for good sound quality. The highs are clear and crisp and the enhanced bass is very strong. They are comfortable to wear for extended periods of time. There's a fair amount of sound/noise transfer from the wiring so these are not meant for use while jogging or other serious activity. They have a 2 year warranty so be sure to keep your purchase receipt. My last pair had the right unit stop working after a year. I sent them back to Sennheiser USA and had a new pair in a week. Also, be wary of imitations of these earbuds and be sure to buy only through Amazon or other reputable dealer. So, get a pair and enjoy!
i bought these with a fiio amp. i havent exactly used them for music without the amp but i assure you that the extra 20 bucks for the amp makes it well worth it. i like to listen to metal and dubstep, these headphones are really good for both. on the amp there are like 4 settings and i use them all, i use the last one for dubstep and it vibrates my eardrum. feels funny but it is sooo awsome. i recomend the amp. but they may be just as good without, idk*update* i have had them for well over a year now. after one pair went through the washer *amazon so nicely replaced* i have had 2 pairs. this 2nd pair also went through the washer but the warranty was up. buuut i had sprayed wd40 into them before hand saving them in the end. because they are still going strong. i use these heavily and with no remorse. i wrap em up and through them in my backpack before i leave for school. the rubber peice that the jack comes out of split on me and the metal accents came loose. though they are old and it has not effected the sound or anything important at all.  and for anyone who gets these and cant figure out the whole chord length thing. the long chord is meant to go around the back of your neck. it is a cool feature. in my opinion they are well worth the money
Before purchasing this item I had my doubts about the headphones being special enhanced based ones. I wondered if it would have an over saturated base or if you really couldn't tell the difference between based enhanced ones or normal headphones. The fact is, they have really good strong base and they don't over saturate. Since they are in ear headphones you can hear the music much louder than the ordinary iPhone headphones for example. Sennheiser is a really good brand. I recommend this product.
Just got my set in today, tried them out, almost blew my eardrums out!  I had my laptop's volume up way loud like I would with my Sony's, which was way too loud for these.  Great bass, good highs, no static.
I could barely notice any bass response at all with these and so I just sent them back to Amazon. My old V-Moda's have much better bass and decent clarity. Too bad Amazon does not offer V-Moda's anymore. Also should mention that the packaging on these Sennheiser buds is about as frustrating as can be. Took 5 minutes to open the package because I wanted to be careful not to damage the wires.
I had the first iteration of the CX300s and it lasted me about two years - the only problem the first had was that the design of the earbud wires would cause it to split.  The second version fixes that issue. The sound quality matches that of the first, and it almost feels like the earbuds are much more comfortable this time around.  I was able to wear the buds for hours before feeling any sort of discomfort.
Great sound right out of the box. Crisp bass, clear mids/highs (especially vocals), and well-balanced. I've tested many earbuds (Bose, Shure, Sony, Ultimate Ears) priced much higher and these are my clear favorite.For this price you CANNOT get better headphones.
I used to own and old pair of SHURE earbuds that I absolutely loved. Worked perfect for me, but they are no longer being made so I started looking around for a new set. Ended up looking at these and saw some great reviews, I've had Sennheiser cans before and loved them. Figured I couldnt really go wrong. Man was I wrong. These are so bad it makes me wonder if something is wrong. Run them from my iphone and my shuffle both and get the same tinny, muffled mids sound. I dont think Id get thru a workout without ripping these things out of my ear from ear fatigue.ALSO I didnt look close but it never was obvious that these earphones have 2 different lengths from the Y, Im assuming so you can route them down one side of your head. NOT what I was looking for with how I wear a shuffle around my neck at the gym. Not really a horrible thing, but wasnt expected. That added with what to me is horrible horrible sound makes these things all around lame.
excelent performance, I was expecting better bass sound, but everything sound really amazing, the only thing is that the cord is so fragile, you need to be very carefull with it, but for the price, is really good.
I also have had several pairs of the older version of these and gave them away to family members. This set I'm keeping. The bass is fuller than the CX300B. None of these have ever failed me in my travels over the years. Watch out for imitations...
These broke after a few weeks after standard use. Are not good for exercising and fit awkwardly. Can definitely find better earbuds for the price.
so i finally decided to review these after almost 2 years of use. the reason was because when i put on a fresh pair of pants, i checked the pocket and realized that my sennheisers (which i thought i lost) were in there! then my heart sank because i didn't think they'd be able to survive the washing machine. but i decided to plug them in anyways. LO AND BEHOLD...they still work perfectly. sounds just like the day i got it. it goes without saying that i was very, very impressed. if these earphones can last the soapy water and violence of a washing machine, they can definitely last through everyday, regular use! 5 stars all the way.
I own the Ultimate Ears Super.fi 5 EB (extended bass).  It had two drivers, low end diaphragm, and a mechanism for mid-highs.  These are VERY large and stand out like no other canal earphone.  I call them my Frankenstein phones.  But the bass remains deep, hard, and heavy, particularly with an equalizer.  They don't break up at all, unless you reach 100 decibels, which is not a good idea.  I can't believe the other UE no owned by logitech don't hold a candle to these 3 year old originals.  I took a shot, and listened to Sennheiser CX 300b extended bass, which as it turns out, I didn't hate.  Proper fit using foam, these single drivers try hard, so you really can't push them hard.  But they are acceptable in value at this price.  I bought these out of the 6 pair of UE's, including the Triple 10's (incredibly disappointing in bass).  I think the Senneiser's are a safe bet on a limited budget.
The good:The sound quality is pretty good for the price.There are different size earbud covers to choose from (unfortunately, none of them fit my ears well at all and they fit worse than other earbuds I've had, but you might have better luck).The bad:I really disliked the uneven left and right cable lengths (the left is shorter).  I know it is intended to wrap the longer one around the back of your neck, but personally, I don't like that either.  Very awkward.The sound quality diminishes substantially if you intend to run, walk, or move with these on, as the movement of the cord very noticeably interferes with what's playing.The ugly:I've had them for about two months and the left bud is already dangerously quiet and faltering.  My $14 pair lasted longer than two months... ugh.Bottom line: You can do better.
These are my second pair of Sennheiser CX300 earbuds. The first pair lasted a few wonderful years until the one time I left them on my desk and my naughty kitten chewed up the cord! I tried 4 different brands and finally went back to these. I work in a cubicle in an office and these earbuds block out all of the annoying office noises so I can concentrate. I listen to a wide variety of music types; heavy metal, classic rock, blues, and everything sounds wonderful.
Since I'm not fiscally wealthy, budgeting is an important discipline to my life. But, for this once, I deviated--a bit. This is where I splurged: $46 AMAZON PRIME. For the sake of knowledge, the test was worth it, and I've got two very nice pair of Earbuds to alternate back n forth; the "SENNHEISER CX300B MKII Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds" produce a more mellow overall sound, probably better suited to someone wanting Mid-Range with Bass, not being overly concerned with High Notes. The "SENNHEISER CX300B MKIIs" offer that smooth in-the-Living Room atmosphere.The "SENNHEISER CX200s" deliver crisp, clear Acoustic High Notes, and very good Bass regardless of what device they're plugged into. Both are extremely adequate due to their unique design, blocking out external noises. Oh, and Asymmetrical [Cords] of the CX300B MKIIs, are defined as: "Uneven" in length, is purposely designed. My opinion: you can't go wrong purchasing either, however if you prefer a more engineered sound, the "SENNHEISER CX300B MKIIs Precision Enhanced Bass Earbuds" will grow on you.  --GBJ
These earbuds are by far some of the best ones I have found to date. The bass is over-powering, hi's/mid's are crisp & clear. For the money, they are better than some of the more high-priced buds I have purchased in the past.Only downside I see is the cord length. Even at the Sennheiser site, cords are of different length. If you can deal with different lengths, you will love these buds!
These are the worst ear buds I have owned. They stay in the ears good but the sound quality is horrible. Don't waste your money on them.
Cannot say enough good things about Sennhesier. Their products are awesome and have never let me down. My first pair of these before i lost them went through the washer and dryer and still worked great! If that doesn't show build quality then I am not sure what does. These sound much better than any pair of skullcandy headphones and also last much longer! Not to mention Sennhesier makes tons of professional audio products to support their consumer levels products.
These are the best sounding earbuds priced below $100 i've heard. These little gems pump out rich, dynamic sound with a minimum of amplification, making them perfect for portable electronics. The CX-300ii's offer a lively presentation with well defined bass and a beautifully clean and extended treble. These buds comfortably sit mid ear and, once seated, stay put. I do wish the cord was better, it's a little thin and tangles easily. This model has an asymmetrical cable which I happen to like, but is a matter of personal preference. These are outstanding earbuds for the discriminating listener. Highly recommended, but as always buy from an authorized dealer only.
On the left headphone has obvious cracks can let me see the inside of the parts, rough work, headset bags and fake headphones
I understand this isn't an "expensive" set of earbuds, but I normally get $20 ones and honestly, I couldn't notice that great of a difference between my old ones and these. The reason I went out of my way to get Sennheisser, though, was because I was hoping these would last longer. I was wrong. It's been 5 months and the right earbud suddenly stopped working. This thing has a 2 year warranty but there is no seller for me to contact. Overall, I'm kind of disappointed in this product.
Confortable, light, perfect sound, deep bass.There is the perfect headphones for a person who are looking for true quality of sound in general.
Having had Sennheiser headphones previously, the earbuds seemed like a good idea...not!Made in China, not Germany as my headphones were, so-so sound quality. Inexplicably, one side was 4-5 inches longer than the other with no adjustment because the collar is fixed.Wonky as my kids would say, returned to seller, prompt refund from Amazon.
Bass: outstanding!Works great with EQ.These are honestly the best earphones for under 45$Might consider to find the same length cable. Cause this one has one cord longer then the other. I like it cause I can wrap the other one around my neck. Works great with dubstep. But still is good with any other genre. Recommended to my friends and they really loved them. Comes with a little pouch for them and extra earbuds.I don't regret buying these.
If you want to understand what it is like walking over to Rick Moranis's house and telling him to shrink down some subwoofers so that you can shove them in your ears, this is what that's like.I've had these earbuds for over a month now. I've trusted Sennheiser ever since buying their Sennheiser HD-280 PRO Headphones. And let me tell you something, they have proven themselves to me once again. I have listened to a wide variety of music on them, including but not limited to: Blasting, brutish, simplistic forms of music such as Dubstep; Zomboy, Flux Pavilion, the better known Skrillex, and such. Thumping, ghetto-shaking hip-hop like The Game, DMX, Ludacris. Complex, string-filled, screaming heavy metal such as Judas Priest, Manowar, Sabaton. Heavy, multilayered industrial like Front Line Assembly, KMFDM, Revco. When it comes time to relax, I put on the calmer stuff. Ambient and serene like Pan American, Boards of Canada, Robert Rich. Downtempo like Portishead, Kruder and Dorfmeister, Glitch Mob (I don't know if they're downtempo, but they share some of the elements). Then there's whatever the hell genre Beats Antique falls under.Anyway, my point is that I haven't listened to any music these earbuds can't massage into your skull like fine oil. They do justice to just about everything I listen to, and I've even noticed new elements in old favorites I've listened to hundreds of times over the years. Not only do they have the range for very complicated music, but their bass is fantastic, and if you wanna listen to some ghetto blasting music one minute and put on Moonlight Sonata the next, you're all set. The asymmetrical design also is much better than I thought at first, it actually makes the cord much more manageable since the right ear's cord goes behind your neck so it's not in your way. I've even used these while gardening, I just route the cord under my shirt so that I don't catch it with a rake and yank them from my ears like an idiot. I used to have a set of JBuds J2 Premium Hi-Fi Noise-Isolating Earbuds Style Headphones For Samsung Galaxy / Android / Windows Phone / Captivate / Brightside / Stratosphere - Black/Electric Blue and these are not only sharper, but louder. They are well worth being double the price, I can tell you that. I no longer max out the volume on my iPhone so I can get some thumping while I'm on the treadmill.That's another thing, the noise cancellation on these is FANTASTIC. I can't hear a damn thing if I'm listening to something intense. Now, don't get me wrong, if you have the volume rolled back and you're listening to some jazz, you'll hear your dog barking and things will come through, albeit muffled. But even at medium volume it's hard to hear anything, and I cannot hear my feet or the treadmill at all once I have the volume up and my music is going. I don't know enough about acoustics to cite decible noise attenuation, but these will block a good 70-80% of sound by my own completely subjective guesstimate. Also, please take this with a grain of salt; the little rubber cushion things that go around the earbud and you stick in your ear canal (I don't know what they're called) fit my ear canals just perfectly, the seal is phenomenal. Everyone's ears are different, and they may not fit yours they way they did mine.Okay, now that I'm done singing the praises, let's go over the downsides.That perfect seal I mentioned? It can actually screw me up sometimes because it's so complete. Heat can build up in the air pocket between earbud and eardrum, and they also alter how the body deals with the air pressure in your head because they block the ears so completely, screwing with the function of the eustachian tubes, so when you're chugging water while exercising, it may be disorienting. Normally this isn't an issue, but sometimes I find myself taking the earbuds out and swallowing to correct the pressure. It doesn't bother me all that much, and honestly, if your ear canals are sized different, it may not be an issue for you, but I felt it bore mention. It doesn't generally become an issue till I do something physical, when I listen to music while laying in bed to go to sleep, I don't have this problem.The rubberized texture of the cord can cause it to become tangled and cling to itself sometimes. I've put a hook on my wall and I hang the earbuds from it to prevent tangles, and I don't have real issues with it, but I know this material, because I've had other earbuds with the same stuff. If you roll it up improperly, it will tangle itself. There are ways of rolling your earbud cords so they don't tangle, but most people don't know that (Google it, it's good info). Don't just wad these up and shove them in the neat little case they provide, because you're going to have a wad of black spaghetti with little speakers wedged in there like horrible tasting meatballs. Pay attention when you want to store them compact.I also simply have no idea how long these will last, it's only been a bit over a month. My J2 earbuds lasted me about 18 months if memory serves before they popped. Now, I've had the HD280 headphones for about two years four months, and they're still running strong. So if if these are anything to go by, I'm hoping to get a few good years out of these earbuds.In any case, I hope this information proves useful to someone. I will update if my earbuds explode or spontaneously evaporate into plasma or something.
I've ordered these one for my wife, they are awesome in many ways. I love this deep sound and quality is amazing. with Sennheiser you can't go wrong. Now I'm ordering one for myself.
These earbuds fit comfortably, much better than the competing Klipsch Image S4s. They don't quite have the same full range, they are a bit more bassy, but they are worlds more comfortable, usable, and wearable. I am an active person, and these earbuds are stay in my ears really well. They are very comfortable and sit low in my ears. Perfect for wearing under my motorcycle helmet. Love these, I just purchased my 3rd pair in 3 years. I sliced the cable on my first pair and dragged the second pair 40 miles caught outside of my car door. This is why you don't buy $300 earbuds :)
The sound was great for a month..... Now the left sound is gone... I was so carful with them, don't buy them I'm out 40$ :(
Hello Amazon,I use these earbuds every morning during my work out routine where go through hell.Between humidity, the wires getting torn by work out equipement, etc... I never had any problem whatsoever with these. They stick to my ears no matter what.I paid 30 bucks (it was during a promotion) and I would recommend them to anyone who needs tough and powerful earbuds.Only cons, the isolation is maybe too strong, if you put the volume to the maximum, there's no way you can hear the environment (which is good in a way but may be dangerous if you're driving).
I bought these to replace the Klipsch Image X10 Noise-Isolating Earphone I purchased 3 months prior. I was completely unhappy with all aspects of the Klipsch from the price, sound quality, fit...overall these were lacking of what you'd expect from a Klipsch product. I had purchased a pair Sennheisers CX300's a while ago and they were very good. I wanted to upgrade hence I purchased the Klipsch. Now when I got my new pair of Sennheisers that I purchased for a third of what I paid for the Klipsch I was very pleasantly surprised. Everything from the higher grade cable to the comfort was so much better. The sound these things put out for less than $50 is pretty amazing. I would highly recommend to anyone looking to get a great comfortable pair of excellent headphones to give these a try. The low end is solid and the mids and highs are very crisp and natural. I can actually fall asleep with these things in my ears. I should have stayed with the Sennheisers!
Ok, so I sat here staring at my computer screen for weeks on end trying to find some good quality headphones that have crisp highs with some decent bass so I wouldn't have to settle for the overpriced, poorly made Dre Beats. Reading review after review with some saying best headphones, and others giving a 1 star. All I have to say is, WOW. These headphones blew away my expectations especially for the price. I use them at the gym mostly and they cancel out all noise so I can just get in the zone and pump out my sets. The bass is surprisingly strong, but not overwhelming. If you listen to all types of music (as I do), from metal to rap to dubstep, these headphones do them JUSTICE. Sennheiser hit the nail on the head with fair priced headphones with insane quality. My friend has Dr. Dre Beats Earbuds and he is pissed that he bought them after hearing these for 3x the price of the MK II's.Cons - I'll drop the cons first because there is only ONE: You can hear the cord moving around. Like I said, I use these headphones in the gym, and the cord makes a little noise (not static, just a noise of the cord rubbing, doesn't affect the music at all). Just when I lean against something in between songs, I can hear it. When music is playing, it is hardly noticeable, so hardly a con.Pros - These have yet to fall out of my ears after running on a treadmill at 9mph for 20min straight. They don't say "sport" earbuds, but once in your ear, they aren't going anywhere. I usually have the most trouble trying to get earbuds to sit in my ear comfortably, but the stock out of the package ear pieces were the perfect fit. The extra two it came with were not even needed. Great sound quality, never buying anything but sennheiser again. I sweat in these things all day and still bump loud and proud.
I bought these earbuds after a HORRIBLE experience with a pair of beats by dre.  I did a little research and found that these came pretty highly recommended, so I figured I would give it a shot, and I am absolutely pleased.  Really good sound quality.  Great clarity.  Good, but not overpowering bass.  The ear buds are pretty comfortable.  Normally I prefer the foam tips, but I have stayed with the silicone factory tips here because they are more comfortable than I expected.  The different cord length doesn't really bother me as I have had a couple other pairs with a similar design in the past.Also the price is right for these earbuds.  At $45, they are a steal and rank similarly to earphones that are in the $100 range.Overall, I couldn't ask for any better.  I use these at the gym, listening to music and probably have used them every day for a month and no issues at all.  A good choice.
These are by the far the highest quality and best sounding earbuds I've ever used. The digital sound quality is incredible (crisp, clean sound and channeled so that I have an "all around" sound system). They also do an excellent job of blocking out external noise without the volume being turned up on blast, which is a key feature I have not been able to find in other earbuds. These are an incredible deal for an excellent set of headphones. Robustly made, too, so I think they'll last me a while. Will definitely not got back to those crappy, generic earbuds ever again.
PITY on me,,, i was paying over 100 for bose in ear amd just got this product to try,,, what a bass, man,, i guess i will stop buying the over priced from bose and use this nice set and hoping it lasts at least a yer or 2,,, thanks Sennhaiser for such a good product..
I like the sound quality but it does not do as good of a job cancelling outside noise as my JBuds did.
excelent performance, I was expecting better bass sound, but everything sound really amazing, the only thing is that the cord is so fragile, you need to be very carefull with it, but for the price, is really good.
I also have had several pairs of the older version of these and gave them away to family members. This set I'm keeping. The bass is fuller than the CX300B. None of these have ever failed me in my travels over the years. Watch out for imitations...
The pair of headphones I received had the right ear-bud at twice the length of the left. Not necessarily a bad thing but it causes unwanted pulling and fatigue on my ears. Shame, because these things sounded BOSS.
Good quality and good sound, if you are not the guy who crazy about music, this is a good choice
sound quality is awesome and rich. great bass sound! but they are not good for running or jogging. they can come off easily if you move around too much. also, I'm not used to asymmetrical cords yet but that doesn't bother me too much. I think it was a reasonable price for the sound quality you get.
These buds are a great buy for the price. I've had them for a couple of weeks now and am very satisfied with their performance for the 35 bucks I paid. The mids and highs are good the bass is alot better then I expected coming from an earbud which I think is what sennheiser was going for with this particular model. For the price there should be no complaints about the performance side of these buds unless you got a fake. The only acceptable complaint is if you've had some kind of durability  mishap like the wire broke for no good reason or something along those lines. Which I haven't encountered yet but the wire is very thin and suggest to be careful when handling. Overall they are a great for someone like me who doesn't care if I can hear the producer ripping a fart from the mixing board like you can with your shure 535s if you don't have alot of money get these you will be satisfied.
I am in no way an audiophile or expert in the earbud sound quality department! This is the second pair of Sennheiser CX300B bass earbuds I've received via Amazon. The first pair I tried to use with a new 6th generation Ipod Classic. Between the Ipod's terrible choice for an audio driver (5th gen Ipod classic was brilliant) and the earbuds, the highs were ear splitting for me, so I gave them to a family member who liked them. That was in 2009 or so.Just recently, I received these earbuds as a gift. Well, knowing I did not like the sound of them I looked around online to see if there is a way to lower the over all high tones and found a very simple solution. I attached foam ear pieces onto the buds, thus reducing the high tones (muffling) and improving the sounds of my 6th gen Ipod classic as well. Try the foam pieces on with a "bass test" on YouTube.com and you'll hear the difference.The headphones themselves have a short (left) cord and long (right) cord and come with three sizes of thin rubber-like ear pieces (to fit into the ear). I did not receive a case, as the ad states...In the final analysis, these earbuds probably perform quite nicely with good (or better) audio devices.
I have used these earbuds for the last three years in variety of environments e.g. laptop, mowing, construction/remodeling, polishing vehicles,etc. Granted my hearing isn't exactly perfect from too many years of loud music and operating farm/industrial equipment without ear protection 30 years ago.Pros:-Very durable-The offset cord design & length helps to prevent the earbuds being pulled out when you are stretching/bending-Offer a basic level of sound isolation. I typically use ear muffs over them if working/operating equipment.-Good voice clarity-Good mid & highs-Good bassCons/areas for improvement:-Sound isolationConsidering these earbuds are under $35, they provide great performance and durability. If your looking for heavy bass these might not be for you.
Sennheiser CX300 II retails for $70 and the V-Moda Remix Remote retails for $80. I own both. I have extensively compared both with many tracks from many different genres.The V-Moda Remix before being burned-in had equal sound quality to a pair of burned-in CX300 II's. It was literally 100% identical. But after 48 hours of burn-in, the difference was very significant, audible and very noticeable. It was NOT just my imagination.The difference being that the V-Moda is superior in sound quality in terms of accuracy, bass reproduction, clarity of mids, crisp smooth intense highs, soundstage, life-like sound, richness & warmth in sound and the instrument separation.The sound quality of the V-Moda Remix Remote's is the best I have ever heard on a pair of earbuds. The lows are absolutely reproduced powerfully well. It is very deep, rich and lifelike. The bass is concert, theater and studio quality. The bass has a crisp, clear, realistic and accurate production. It is only as powerful and emphasized as the artist intended. No boomy, over-emphasized and fake artificial production of bass that completely overpowers the mids and the highs.The mids are well-heard with great clarity. The vocals especially have a very life-like soundstage quality to them. The clarity of a singer's voice in a song is something I have never experienced before in a pair of earbuds.And the highs really move through smoothly with no harshness, missing details and no distortion or rolling off. I can really feel the crisp, clear and smooth quality in the highs. No detail is rolled off in the highs. I can actually feel the earbuds drivers are accurately reproducing an intensity in the highs with full-detailed clarity.These earbuds are flat-response and neutral . The bass produced is very accurate. The mids extremely clear and the highs are pleasantly intense with a crisp accurate depiction that no earbud has ever produced for me. Soundstage is extremely realistic; it is legitimate concert and studio quality. The overall sound effect is pure, "organic" and natural. Instrument separation and reproduction is magnificently accurate. These earbuds give you as much detail as possible and reproduce it accurately as originally intended by the track.Perfect for ALL genres. These are often marketed as suitable for club, dance, techno, rap, hip pop, pop and house. They are wonderful for that but they are just as great for anything else including classical, rock and classical rock.Many earbuds and even full-sized over-ear headphones have a artificial, cold and stiff robotic sound. Clarity, richness, warmth, accuracy and details from headphones by many other brands are often lacking to a significant degree compared to these V-Moda Remix Remote Earbuds.Most people will be shocked and surprised from quality of the sound if they ever heard these earbuds.The build quality is far better in V-Moda than the Sennheiser which is completely plastic and it lacks kevlar reinforced cables which are in the V-Moda. They both have a Two-Year Warranty except V-Moda offers a 50% off lifetime replacement plan after warranty.The only positive the Sennheiser CX300 II has on the V-Moda Remix Remote is the lighter weight and a better carrying pouch which is leather. And the light weight of the CX300 II is not really that great of positive against the V-Moda Remix Remote. After all, the only reason it is a lighter weight is because of plastic build. Not to also mention that the CX300 II lacks a in-line remote control and a mic which offered in the V-Moda Remix Remote.The Sennheiser CX300 II is selling for $50 currently on amazon (excluding tax) while the V-Moda Remix Remote is selling for only $40 currently on amazon (excluding tax). The better buy by far would be the V-Moda Remix Remote.Sennheiser CX300 II I bought for $55 including tax. V-Moda Remix Remote I bought for $51 including tax.The Sennheiser CX300 II also has a very excellent sound quality but it is noticeably not as good as the V-Moda Remix Remote. It's bass is less punchy, less accurate and a bit artificial to be honest. The mids are defiantly excellent in the CX300 II but the clarity, richness and purity of the mid range is not as great as the V-Moda Remix Remote. The highs of the CX300 II is much less crisp, intense, accurate and bright. Soundstage of the CX300 II is less and the quality of the sound-stage is less compared to the V-Moda Remix Remote. It also lacks a 3D air-flow system which is offered in the V-Moda Remix Remote and the wider frequency range response.Specs of the Sennheiser CX300 IIDriver: 9mm Dynamic, neodymium rare earth magnetFrequency response: 19HZ-21KHZImpedance: 16 ohmsNo air flow system.Specs of the V-Moda Remix RemoteDriver: High-Definition 9mm Dynamic V-MASQUE dynamic technology, neodymium rare earth magnetFrequency response: 5HZ-24KHZImpedance: 16 ohmsV-PORT air flow system delivers a high-definition sound stage.I like both. But the V-Moda Remix I like more because of the much better sound quality in ALL aspects, unbeatable frequency range spectrum and much better build quality unseen in ANY other earbud with a 50% lifetime discount plan after a two-year warranty. I paid pretty much the same price for both (CX300 II: $55 VS. Remix: $51) yet I am getting much much more for my money with the V-Moda Remix Remote. Many reviewers have also commented and reported that the V-Moda Remix Remote has much better sound quality than the Klipsch 4S, Bose earbuds and Shure earbuds. Beats earbuds by Dre are complete garbage compared to these even though they retail for $150 vs $80 for V-Moda Remix Remote.I had been so much impressed with these that I decided to buy the V-Moda Crossfade LP Over-Ear headphones which I also love and I have done a review on.Overall 10/10 for both the Remix Remote and Crossfade LP. (Crossfade LP's many times better but of course those are incomparable since they are over-ear 50mm headphones that cost more vs. in-ear 9mm headphones that are much cheaper as well.)I do think though that they make a great buying combination. One for travel and portability while they other for the best sound performance.8/10 for the Sennheiser CX300 II. Very good and nice product but you can do better for the same price with the V-Moda Remix Remote.
These headphones sound fine. The problem is everything else about them.There are 3 different sizes of silicone ear cups and none of them seem to fit my ears; they all either fall out cause they are too small or pop out because they are too big. I have had several pairs of in-ear headphones with a similar design (multiple sized ear cups) and these are the worst fitting ones I have used to date. Granted, this may be a personal problem and might not apply to many others, since ear sizes and shapes differ.The other problems I have with this product are more universal. The gummy rubberized texture of the cord is infuriating. They catch on almost every surface, from fabric to skin. These headphones are the kind with one longer and one shorter cord, so the right headphone theoretically can wrap around the back of your neck instead of dangling in front of you. The gummy texture of the cord gets slightly stuck everywhere, on the back of your neck, on your shirt, in between anything you are wearing over the cord, making it much easier for the buds to get tugged out of your ears when you do something as simple as turn your head. If you wear them under a jacket, the friction of the cord between your shirt and your jacket pulls on the left earbud, making it necessary to constantly be pushing it back into your ear as it is slowly pulled out by the taught cord.The coating also makes it very easy for the cord to get hopelessly tangled when they are stored in a bag or pocket, no matter how carefully you wrap them up, and very frustrating to untangle them.Furthermore, the housing for the L-shaped jack is HUGE and sticks out quite a bit from any device you plug it into, making it easy to get bumped and nudged, which can damage the headphone port in your devices. It is also coated with the same rubbery material as the cord, so it can get stuck and caught on things in your pockets and even pull itself out when you take your device out of your pocket. There is just no reason for it to be that big and bulky. Same goes for the chunky Y-shaped splitter that divides the cord into the right and left channels. It is almost big enough to have a volume slider or microphone on it, but instead it is just an unnecessarily large piece of gummy silicone.It seems like virtually no thought went into the practical use of these earbuds. I bought them because I have historically liked Sennheiser headphones for the audio quality, which, in this case, is the only thing bumping this review up to two stars instead of one. But the experience of using these headphones is actually a hassle: they tangle themselves up at every opportunity, tug themselves out of your ears as you are walking or doing virtually any other activity, and easily unplug themselves from your device when the jack gets caught in your pocket. For my money, I'd go with the similar model of Sony earbuds, which have a slick cord that doesn't get caught on anything and doesn't easily tangle and a small, unobtrusive jack.
After my last Koss earbuds died on me after a year, I went to find a replacement. I tried some cheaper Skullcandy but they were not any good because if I moved, all I could hear was the noise from the cord. Thankfully I use my earbuds all day sitting at my desk so I'm not putting any stress on them, but this was still not acceptable. I could have gotten the same Koss again but if they couldn't last long, I decided to try to find better ones. I read many great reviews about Sennheiser earbuds and finally decided on this model. They do a great job blocking outside noise but it's like I have my equalizer turned up with all bass. I tried settings on my computer music player but it's still muffled bass. They are comfortable to wear all day long and they do have a little bit of cord noise. I'll stick with them though as I don't want to have to keep trying different ones just to find a decent pair.I think next time I replace the earbuds and find a good pair, I'm going to then go buy a few more just so I'll have them as replacements.
I purchased this to replace a similar set of Sennheiser earbuds I was quite pleased with. They sounded great in my new Samsung Galaxy 4.0 Android MP3 Player, but broke quickly. I had only listened to them about 5 mintues before the Galaxy accidently slipped out of my breast pocket and landed on the table. The Galaxy was OK but the CX300B's odd-shaped stereo plug now has an intermittent connection. It's a throwaway now.The player must have landed on the CX300B's plug. The 90-degree angle plug on my old Sennheisers would have taken the blow without a problem. This earbud's "banana" angle stereo plug is unnecessarily susceptible to damage from dropping your phone or MP3 player.Minus 3 stars for the poorly engineered stereo connection plug. Otherwise, the earbuds are top-quality.
The headphones are definitely very good they sound very clear and the bass is good.Honestly i dont know much about headphones because i usually buy skullcandy but after having my 4th pair over the course of less than 2 years brake from the same issue i got tired.What i do have to say about them though is that they sound a bit sharp so when you put it up it sounds a bit odd but there definitely better than skullcandy.
I listen to allot of music on the iPhone. I don't expect the sound to be "studio quality". Based on customer reviews, I did spend nearly $40 more on these Sennheiser CX300B MK II Bass Earbuds ($59.95) to treat myself to what I understood would be 'noticeably better' sound. These arrived in March. I did not notice $40 worth of 'noticeably better' sound quality. The right speaker went flat less than three months later. I'll be going back to Sony's MDREX58V/BLK EX Series Earbuds ($20.47). I realize that I may have gotten a bad pair. I can afford a $20 fail. $60? Not so much.
So I've had these for more than a year now and they're as good as new still.The sounds great and the best part is this doesn't look like it's gonna break. EVER!The wire/cord still looks as good as new and there's something about it that never lets it knot. Untangling is as easy as just shaking it for a few minutes.Very comfy in the ear too!
Hi,I think this vendor' Zhang Shao Chun -- had this product (Sennheiser CX300B MK II Bass Earbuds with Carrying Case (Black)) a few bucks cheaper, so I went with him.If these are the real thing I'm Santa Claus. There's absolutely NO BASS or low-end in these Earbuds.I emailed the vendor and he claims he gets these straight from the factory. LOL, which factory I wonder. I've lived in China for several years and street corners are lined with people selling fake everything. In some cases the packaging is identical to the real thing.I play music and have some pretty good quality equipment, so I can say I'm highly disappointed in this product.ALSO --- these are asymmetric so one ear is longer than the others. It's this type of design, and you might miss this in the description.Buyer Beware!!
Just as others before me have stated, these earbuds worked great for roughly 4 months. Recently, I've found the right channel of this product died and now I'm currently in the market for a new pair. While I love Sennheiser's headphones, I don't think I'll purchase another Sennheiser earbud due to the quality of build
They functioned well for the first 4 months of owning them, and then they decided to stop functioning properly.Sennheiser was, of course, less than helpful - they were willing to repair (ie: replace) but wanted me to pay for shipping - which hardly seemed worth it given the low cost of the item.
I own about a dozen pairs of headphones in the $20-50 dollar range, but this is definitely my favorite pair.  These are one of the most comfortable types of earbuds I've ever come across and I've worn them for hours at a time.  Although these earbuds aren't great for working out with, these are a great everyday pair of headphones.  There are no other headphones in this price range which have as good of sound quality.
I have never been on for "in ear" type of phones for listening.  I have tried and used several which were all uncomfortable.  I found out with these that there have been many improvements since the first days of earbuds.  These are very comfortable and once seated properly, they stay in place and are very comfortable. Its nice that they come with several size pads, but I would bet that the medium size fits 90% of adult users.I have several pair of full size high end headphones that, until now, were the only way for me to enjoy a good range of tones.  These earbuds are rather good at coming close to those ranges.  Certainly more than I need for everyday listening.The free snap pouch that comes with, is a bit small and will tangle the cords.  I would suggest a small clam shell case if you are going to just toss them in your backpack as I do.  The cord is short.  I guess this is handy when you are just attaching a player to your arm, but I use my computers as my player most of the time and it is necessary to have a small extension cord so I can move around in my office chair doing the usual office tasks.Overall, this is a great choice for quality and value.  I shelled out 34 bucks, but I think a fair price would be around $20-24US.  Not because of any short comings, but lets be real about the lifetime of such products being fairly short when you know there is going to be a break in the tiny wires before very long, and you can prolly get the same item in China for 3 bucks!
I like how it comes with different sized covers for the ear buds so they can fit any ear, my fiance's ears are a tad off so he has to use one bigger end and one smaller end for his ears and once you get the seal with the ear buds and your ear he says they work great for base driven ear phones.
Excellent headset, compact and perfect sound.The price is also very good and makes the cost X benefit ratio is extremely good.The delivery was made within the stipulated time and without any problems.
After my last Koss earbuds died on me after a year, I went to find a replacement. I tried some cheaper Skullcandy but they were not any good because if I moved, all I could hear was the noise from the cord. Thankfully I use my earbuds all day sitting at my desk so I'm not putting any stress on them, but this was still not acceptable. I could have gotten the same Koss again but if they couldn't last long, I decided to try to find better ones. I read many great reviews about Sennheiser earbuds and finally decided on this model. They do a great job blocking outside noise but it's like I have my equalizer turned up with all bass. I tried settings on my computer music player but it's still muffled bass. They are comfortable to wear all day long and they do have a little bit of cord noise. I'll stick with them though as I don't want to have to keep trying different ones just to find a decent pair.I think next time I replace the earbuds and find a good pair, I'm going to then go buy a few more just so I'll have them as replacements.
I purchased this to replace a similar set of Sennheiser earbuds I was quite pleased with. They sounded great in my new Samsung Galaxy 4.0 Android MP3 Player, but broke quickly. I had only listened to them about 5 mintues before the Galaxy accidently slipped out of my breast pocket and landed on the table. The Galaxy was OK but the CX300B's odd-shaped stereo plug now has an intermittent connection. It's a throwaway now.The player must have landed on the CX300B's plug. The 90-degree angle plug on my old Sennheisers would have taken the blow without a problem. This earbud's "banana" angle stereo plug is unnecessarily susceptible to damage from dropping your phone or MP3 player.Minus 3 stars for the poorly engineered stereo connection plug. Otherwise, the earbuds are top-quality.
Love these earbuds! I have only one complaint (and it's sort of odd): When I wear these earbuds while walking, I get a lot of line noise.  Sometimes I get a whistling noise translated up the line.  I've never noticed this before with other earbuds.  Otherwise, these are great.  Very comfortable and good, clear sound.
These are one of the best headphones that i have. They are much better then my Ibeats (http://www.amazon.com/iBeats-Headphones-ControlTalk-From-Monster%C2%AE/dp/B004477OAY/ref=sr_1_12?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1338422145&sr=1-12). The cost me only 35.36$. While the Beats cost 99.00$
i am very critical when it comes to my personal sound equipment. i believe you get what you pay for. i currently use the bose qc15 over the ear headphones when i travel by plane, or at home while playing my guitars. at the request of my daughter this past christmas, i was asked to get a quality set of earbuds, for around $100 for her boyfriend. after doing the research, it was clear that the cx300b mkll would be a good choice. last week when i went to her graduation, i was able to listen to these things. within minutes, i was ordering my own pair. i was impressed how comfortable these things are...i primarily use for when walking...around 2 hours per stroll. it is my honest opinion, that dollar for dollar, these could very well be the best value on the planet when it comes to the in ear type. beware of imitations as there are some folks out there that will do anything to make a buck...ha,ha,ha!stick with one of the authorized dealers...you will pay around 60 to 70 US dollars. i insist on the best quality in any audio component...such as, carver amazing plats...sunfire amp and processor, fender stratocaster, fender precision bass, infinity sub, crate guitar amp...just to give you an idea of how good i believe the sennheiser`s to be.
The sound quality of these earphones is great but mine are starting to break down within 6 months of buying them. Two parts of the cord wear down easily: (1) the right-angle elbow where the rubber meets the copper jack, and (2) the rubber part where the cord meets the ear buds. I'm a little disappointed given how much I paid for them.
These headphones have left me speechless, they are incredible!Usually I am a fan of over the ear headphones, but this time, I decided to buy In-ears because I needed to be able to carry them around in my pocket to listen to my iPod.I wasn't expecting much, considering they are quite small. To my surprise, they are clear, bass boosted, and can get really loud with no distortion at all.These have more clarity, more capability, and more awesomeness than iBeats, and beat out alot of other headphone brands as well.I use my Senn's everyday and I bet you would too. Great product!
I just got these today and I can honestly say I am amazed. Before these came, I thought those high-priced Dr. D earbuds were amazing. Now that I've listened to music with these Sennheisers, I can honestly say that the higher-priced alternatives are way over priced and don't come close to the musical experience of these Sennheisers. The bass has a great rumble without sounding distorted, and you can still hear the mid-range and high-range sound elements. I can also attest to the fact that they do block a LOT of noise when you put them in your ear. Without music playing, you can hear roughly the same amount of ambient sound as if you put earplugs in. With music playing, you can't hear anything going on around you. An added bonus: these don't seem to make much noise for anyone except the listener, meaning you can crank your music up at work without disturbing your coworkers. I had a pair of Sony earbuds previously that sounded pretty good, but they let enough sound out that my coworkers would get annoyed with me (the same thing happens with my iPod stock earbuds). These Sennheisers are a dream come true. Pick up a pair and find out what you've been missing!
while these have very good sound I have gone thru 3 pairs as the area where the cord meets the ipod seems to be prone to breaking. i don't expect ear buds to last forever but the last 2 pairs (all purchased on Amazon)lasted 3 months or less.
I really like this headset. I've had it for almost a mount and I'm really satisfied with both physical quality and signal fidelity. The Bass is awesome (it's just like you have a sub woofer in your head). Also the qualities of the wire and carrying bag are great! To make long story short, you get much more than what you pay. Enjoy the ride!
I have used so many ear-phones in the past several years. None was really good enough cross all music types until I found this one. This is my 4th pair of this product. I got the first pair 3 years ago after extensive research. I have to say, my research paid off. I absolutely loved this one!!! got the second pair for my girl-friend. Now got another two for my parents. If I have to buy another one, it has to be this as well. After each purchase of this one, I immediately put it in my wishlist again in case i need to get another pair for any reason. Thank you so much Sennheiser for create such a wonder at such reasonable price!I have used at least 9 different brand earbuds in the past 4 years. This one is absolutely "the One" I have been looking for for a long time. The dynamic rang is just perfect for me. I listen to a lot of classical music, as well as musical and soft rock, alternative...This baby is just perfect for all! From Andrea Bocelli to Garth Brooks, royal philharmonic orchestra to U2, 2 doors down...The sound quality of every range is very well-balanced and each is extremely vibrant, rich, warm and clear. The construction is also very impressive and thoughtful. The only complain I have is that in the past 3 years, the Carring case is no-more (which is useless anyway for me), but the price hiked almost 10$. But the quality of the buds themselve is just as every bit as good as before. I have recommended this one to lots of my friends in the years since I got my first pair. Bravo!!!!
I bought these after returning a Skull Candy headsets which were a huge disappointment. I don't know if I would have appreciated the Sennheiser's as much had I not bought the Skullcandy first. What a difference.These are simply amazing headphones for the price. I use the phone a lot and I really noticed a difference  him the microphone quality, especially when compared to the Skullcandies. There is simply no comparison. The Skullcandy would completely lose audio in windy conditions or loud ambient noise. The Sennheiser is not even affected.When listening to music, the quality is very good and clear, the earbuds are fitting nicely, it is really a very nice headset.Well worth the price. would buy them again any day.
1. It doesn't have a carrying case2. It says cx300 instead of cx300B mk II, but what i've received is CX300, which is a older version. headphones are different from the web picture!
This was my second pair to suffer the same fate. The sound from this product it exceptional. The noise canceling really works well...even on noisy flights.My problem is how fragile these headphones are. I am very delicate with my headphones and always take time to carefully put away in my carrying pouch. After just 3 months the sound kept crackling in one ear bud. If i moved the cable attached to the ear bud slightly the sound would work fine then cut out. (loose connection)Sennheiser has a good reputation and make good products I just found my experience not so good. >>>>>YMMV<<<<<
These are the best sounding earbuds I've ever heard. Simply put, Amazing. The cord seems to be a little long, but that's the least of my worries. I recommend these highly. The price is pretty fair too, considering how good they sound. As far as shipping and packing, I've never had a problem going through Amazon. Knock-on-Wood.
The sound quality is OK, better than iPod earbuds, and much more comfortable to wear (which is why I bought them). The one thing that bothers me is all the thumping sounds you get when moving slightly while wearing them. If you move the cord, or brush it with your clothes, you get a loud booming sound in your ears. I've never had real in-ear headphones before, so I'm not sure if this is normal, but I've never had to deal with it with other headphones in the past.It helped me to wrap the extra cord from the right-side earbud (all that extra cord bouncing around was a big part of the issue) around the back of my neck and then around to the right ear (audio source is to my right). Once I did that it took more than a subtle vibration or brush to make the cable boom, I had to whack the cord to get some sound out of it. If this works well, I'll probably go with a cable-tie fix to make the cords the same length.EDIT: Wrapping the bud wires behind the ears, like you're supposed to do (d'oh!) does help, but it's still a LITTLE "boomy" when you move. Overall though, it's not a problem.Also after using these for a year they're holding up very well. The squeeze-to-open purse they store in works great and keeps everything together and relatively untangled.Highly recommended.
These earbuds were on a magnificent sale around this past Christmas: 24.99! With a bit of research, I determined that I could not get a better deal.When I first received these ear buds, I was disappointed with the asymmetrical wiring; clearly they are aimed for someone intending to have the wire run behind their body as opposed to the front. Needless to say, I worked with it. Honestly, the sound pumped out of these was very good, probably the best I had used at the low price point.After two weeks, and one hard tug though on the wiring(dropped HTC phone with them connected,) the stereo jack molding separated from the black covering on the wiring, thus exposing them to the elements. Within one day of further use, there was a great loss of bass and volume in one of the ears. After another week of use and electrical taping, the issue affected both channels and now they are no longer used.As stated in the title, I was very pleased with my purchase until an accident resulted in them crapping out. For something that I assume is marketed toward "active-minded individuals," it certainly wouldn't cut it if I did jog with these and dropped my iPod or something as I was using them.On the plus side, the ear buds saved my phone from a potentially nasty fall. I guess that is the pro here.
After using twice, for 2 hours each on the airplane to/from work, the rubber piece over the plug on the end fell off.
These earphones sound very great. Crisp and clear, with a very controlled bass. Fits nicely in the ear canal, and is good for long hours.
After shopping around online for some reasonably priced earbuds that deliver good sound quality, some sound isolation, and good portability, I settled on these Sennheiser CX300s. I have had the headphones for about two months, and they are sound upgrade compared to my $10 Sony around-the-ear-phones. I have found the buds to be very comfortable compared to buds I have had in the past. I don't have issues with them moving around too much or falling out of my ears during routine walking, standing, sitting (I use them during my commute to work). The asymmetrical design wouldn't have been my first choice, but so far it hasn't bothered me.As far as the downsides go, the only issue I've had is cord noise. As you can probably tell from the description, the cords for the CX300s are very thin. I have mitigated the noise by clipping the cord to something to reduce movement. Depending on the kind of music or audio you are listening to and what you are doing, the noise is annoying or not noticable at all.I would recommend these headphones as a good fit for someone who needs a comfortable pair of earbuds with good sound quality for everyday non-exercise related activities. As a word of caution to online buyers, I would not recommend ordering these phones from third party sellers other than 'Amazon.com'. If you do, you will not be able to submit them to Sennheiser for warrenty related repairs or replacements.