seriously didn't last that long, quality is really low here. and it even sounded weird as well. and the controls stop working
I think I've cornered the market on these earphones. And no I'm not willing to sell any of them. I will never have to go without.
Got the timely, but sadly they hv already stopped working. Wish theyd lasted longer. Look like the real thing though
Easy to manage volume. Good, quality sound. Fits well in ear. Doesn't hurt ear. Small enough to fit anywhere. Doesn't take up a lot of room.
The item was exactly what I ordered. The head phones were in excellent shape and was exactly what I needed.
I broke my originaly earphones that came with my phone so I ordered these to replace the one I broke... it's a decent earphone for the iPhone
Work great with my ipod 4th gen.Music goes up really loud, just like i like it.Fits snug in my ears and don't tend to fall out with some movement like others would.
the ability to control the volume is well worth the extra few bucks to pay; i now just use these while working out
Did not have a working mike which was why I bought it.  IT CAME TO ME BROKEN AN I ASKED FOR A NEW ONE< PAYED FOR A NEW ONE AND GOT A USED ONE
I bought these as a backup pair... and because I didn't need them, I didn't open them for 5 months.  Now that it's past the return date, I find that one of the ear buds is broken (the "screen" over the bud is off) and utterly inoperable.  VERY disappointed - it should not matter from whom you buy things on Amazon, they should arrive in usable condition.  I've written to the vendor and hope to get a full replacement at no charge.  Hopefully, they will stand behind their product... we'll see what really happens.
i like it
thnx
My daughter loves these. She really doesn't like the newer style of earbuds and these are becoming harder to find in the stores.
Still using it old version or not.  They work for me!
Excelent
These used to be okay headphones. Buy earpods
Sound control didn't work
As described. Timely arrival.
Good.
It's good....I recomended.
Great!!! my son really enjoy using them. He's always wanting me to order him more because he uses them a lot.
It's OK for what you pay, but they usually don't last that long. I've bought two of these and in both cases, I've lost the connection to one of the buds after few months. Stay away from this product if you want to use it at the gym, because the seal around the ear-buds come off after few weeks, due to sweating.
Microphone is not working :(
One earbud broke.
fast shipping works great exactly what I was looking for
The audio is loud and I like it because when I turn on my music, I have problems nor do I have worries
The earphones I received are not original Apple earphones, and you can tell by the quality of the sound.
Didn't work that well, and sounded horrible
Not too shabby!  They are great for the price and they were delivered lickity split.  I don't feel they are EXACTLY the same quality as a pair I might buy from The Apple Store but I would pay much more from Apple also.  I would buy again and thinking about ordering some in a few minutes.  I have a teenager and he goes through them like a box of cereal so for the price it doesn't hurt so bad if you lose them.
Very good quality! Fast delivery. Recommended!
I  was satisfied with my I phone ear buds, however I only had them for less than a month. They were caught in the door of my car, and plug was bent.I hope to get another one soon.
This earpiece is the BEST next to a Bluetooth. I lost the earpiece that came with my phn and was happy to see these work just like the original
Purchased 3 old style Apple headphones they sound ok but I noticed that the cableis smaller diameter,I suspect a knockoff
It was exactly what I wanted and needed. They work great and are well priced. Would definitely recommend it to people around me.
I have the real version of these headphones which came with my phone. They sound good. And under regular circumstances they fit okay. But working out in them drove me crazy. The remote causes the wires to bounce the buds right out of your ears. I couldn't get through an entire run without wanting to rip these things off and stomp on them. I've replaced them with the Panasonic RPHJE120P In-Ear Headphone and I'm much happier now.
The microphone doesn't work on any of the 3 units I bought. The wires came out on one, and another the ear buds fell apart.... what a waste!
This wasn't durable at all! It didn't last more than 2 weeks before I wasn't able to hear out of one of the ear bugs! You get what you pay for,
Honestly, these are not my favorite for a number of reasons, but I almost always choose them over my other pair simply because of the remote. This is basically essential if you are working or doing other things will listening because as long as you have what you want on the same playlist you won't need to stop what you are doing to take your iPod out and change the song or volume. This may not matter if you have a nano or shuffle strapped to your arm or belt, but if you keep it in your pocket then a remote is perfect for preventing the iPod from becoming a distraction. However, I should say that the sound quality isn't that great and they don't stay in my ears very well if I am moving around at all, so overall it could be better and I suppose the news they just came out with would fix these problems, so you may want to go with those instead.
These are really nice for an iPod touch. The best feature is the abililty to pause or play, without having to take the iPod out of my pocket, unlock the screen, navigate to the Now Playing, and hit pause.
Anyone who needs good earphones, I would recommend this product to you, it has worked excellently for me so far and I am sure that you would enjoy using this product.
I love that I can answer the phone, turn up/down the volume of change songs with the easy clip but as with most ear buds they slide out of my ears when I move to quickly. I keep having to re insert them. I finally ordered the clips that go over your ears to hold them in place. I wish they could make a better ear bud that stays put and delivers headphone quality sound.
I followed other reviewers recommendations and bought the Earphones that were sold by Amazon. After 3 months the right ear phone no longer works, Amazon won't return and I have no way to return to Apple. The cord is a thinner gauge than the originals I had for my Iphone 4, and I probably would have been better off buying the $1.95 pair vs this $23 dollar pair. Instead of looking at these 'Genuine Apple Products' from Amazon buy directly from Apple. At least you will be able to return if there happens to be a defect.
The left ear bud was buggy from the get go and finally just quit working all together after one long trip on a plane. Just get some $5 headphones that won't bother you when they break, because they all break eventually.
Will recommend only use original headphones. Good quality and not very expensive. Use good products if you want to hear good music
I love these headphones. I'm a sucker. Steve Jobs got me early with his college student discount and musically relevant software paired with excellent visual design. I can't imagine anything but a white cord. What would I do without volume control and a speaker for my iPhone in case I get a call while rocking out? Just buy them now, you know you're going to get cheaper ones and be dissatisfied, and end up spending more when you eventually come back to buy these.
These headphones are definitely knockoffs. They lasted about 3 months before breaking. After a few months the cord started to separate from the connector. Eventually there was a short in the connection.
These have a better mic then most headsets, but they just aren't durable enough.  The rubber falls off, the ear buds fail over time one at a time.
Solid earphones. work well with my verizon iphone 4. Exactly like they ones that came with my phone initially. Buy!
the description is correct, these are apple earbuds and the volume controller and mic work correctly.I just hate how they fit. I dislike the material which causes them to tangle uncontrollably and hard to untie.I tried to buy earbud covers, which are rubber things that fit over and into your ear but they just suck.If you're buying earbuds, just go buy some cheaper gel earbuds and you don't be disappointed.
Not exactly the same quality as the apple headphones, but they still work very nice and I'm currently listening to music with them right now
When I purchased these headphones, I wasn't sure if they were going to be the actual Apple headphones. But when they came, and I saw that they were indeed the actually Apple headphones as seen in the picture, I was relieved. They even came in the Apple headphone box. I've had mine now for about a month and a half, and I havent had any problem with them. I am very pleased. Thank you.
The headphones are fine, good price, they started to glitch out a little after a month when you use the remote.
Don't fall for this, it is guaranteed tho have problems like the first ones I ordered never arrived so I had to order more and those didn't even work.
I would give this a rating of zero if I could. A dirty open iPod box with instructions were shipped to me with no ear phones. 30 bucks plus shipping is a lot to pay for an iPod box.  As an Amazon store vendor I intend to get reimbursed. I'm absolutely disgusted.
I brought the refurbished version and it worked like it was supposed to.However, it did die really quickly BUT I do listen to my music on very high volumes and probably took poor care of the product.  The first one lasted 2 - 3 months before it just completely stopped working.  The second one lasted a little over a month and now music only comes out of one side.
I am seariously pissed these are NOT actual apple earphones!!! I chose this seller beacuse it was around the price of real ones so I figured,"ohh there probably real, I mean the price is about rite so i'll buy these" DONT BE FOOLED! It's a total rip off. The mic+remote doesnt even work,it really sucks to be ripped of,I am prety young and this is the first time i,ve been let down on amazon.
These headphones are terrible. I originally ordered a pair and when they arrived the remote didn't work. I asked the seller for another set and to their credit, they sent a replacement within a few days. However the new set  only worked for a few days before breaking AND in that time, managed to destroy something in the sound jack of my iPhone so it now behaves as though there are headphones in at all time. This means all speakerphone or stereo functionality of my iPhone has been destroyed.
the head phones were not generic i phone or apple head phones but they did have some good sound to them while they lasted unfortunately they broke very quick but the customer service was really good and caring and refunded my money with out asking to return the item if the head phone piece that covers the speaker had not broken so quick these could have lasted a while and would have been good enough to compete with the original apple head phones .. i say try them buy them and see what u think for the price they really are a great buy
Great, Just like it came from the Apple Store. The first headphones that actully are they real thing! Worth it!
the damn thing's left earphone was blown, and the damn mic wouldn't work properly.... i want a new one! i just want a new one! i can't believe i spent money on this crap! give me a new one!!!
Got this to replace my wife's apple earbuds. The original's mic went out. New ones are working great. Never sure about non- Apple products working correctly, so we went for the originals.
I never really had a problem with the headphones that Apple packaged with their iPods or shuffles, but ever since they introduced the iPhone and they started putting that "clever" little inline remote on them, I've hated them. The call quality through the microphone could be better, but worst of all are the sharp edges on inline remote. I type at work and when I turn to the left to look at my document and then look back at my screen the edge of the remote always snags on my shirt lapel! If they had just round the edges a little bit it wouldn't be so bad. I have no problem with the audio quality or the fit of the ear buds, but this snagging drives me nuts!!!
It's been a while since I've ordered these. Ha! Seems every review has my dog in it, however, once again I ordered this product because my dog ate my last ones, chewed the speaker right off! Work well real Apple product! Does exactly what I needed it to do!! I use them everyday because I hate to hold my phone and talk on it!!
This product wasn't a good quality. Apple's ear buds material is soft and rubber. The material on this product was hard plastic. I don't beleive it was the original, but a cheap reproduction.
Nothing but a piece of junk!!The volume buttons do not work at all.Bad product, poor quality!! Got them for my new iPad. Didn't work right out of the box,sending them back the same day for refund.Should have ordered them from the Apple Store. Really upset with Amazon for allowing such junk to be sold under their name!!
Bought 2 pairs (seller was AMAZON, not a 3rd party seller). On one, the mic and volume buttons stopped working after a week, and it now when I pause it, it sometimes unpauses itself a few minutes later. The other pair, worked for about 2 months and then the right earbud volume went way down. I did notice that the main wires of the two sets have slightly different thickness. In any case, these are not the quality equipment that iPods used to come with.Maybe Apple hates making earbuds and wants to wean us off of them... removing the foam covers didn't stop us using them, now they design them to break after a month of use. Or maybe Amazon is selling knockoffs.
Great quality I heard that it's very durable and stuff Another thing is I love he remote control about now I dont have to pull it out to change a song
Sound quality is poor. Bought them for a mother's day present for my mom to use with her smartphone, and the headset part doesn't even work! I am extremely annoyed with this company.
I lost my iPhone4 earphones/w. mic and needed a replacement fast. I went to Best Buy and was astounded to see they were $39 while the Apple store was selling them at $29.  Not being near an Apple store I ordered the headphones at ~$23 from Amazon - making sure that Amazon was the actual vendor. I am happy to say it came fast and sealed in a genuine Apple retail box. It works exactly like the earphones purchased directly from Apple, and is exactly as listed and pictured.Note: clicking on the BUY button on the product page it doesn't always mean that you are actually buying from Amazon and not from a 3rd party vendor. You have to look carefully to see who is actually being listed as the seller. If you want the real thing and not some knockoff, buy from Amazon as the actual vendor. Click on the buying options link to see all the different sellers.I am surprised at the large number of people who give one star reviews for poor quality knockoffs but don't bother to list who they bought the earphones from so that buyers can stay away from the vendors selling fakes.Anyway if you buy from Amazon as the vendor you WILL be getting the real thing, the same product you'll get from an Apple store or other Apple Authorized retailer.  If you buy from any one else especially if it is unusually cheap, most likely you are getting an imitation at a much lower quality.As for the quality of the genuine Apple headphones, I have had several pairs over the years and not once did my headphones break, fall apart or have bad sound quality. I usually lose them before that happens.  They don't have the quality of sound of the ~$100 high end earphones, but in my opinion they are easily the best in the $20-$30 range. The mic also works quite well for calls and is even good enough to give decent accuracy when using it for the Dragon Dictate (remote mic app).
didnt expect much for price, but they work decent enough for my needs. im pleased for the price. would buy again
I like these ear buds. The ones that are made by Apple have a thicker cord and last a lot longer. thanks
Great quality headphones, these are the only in-ear headphones I use because they are comfortable and stay in place while working out
Good quality, A bit uncomfortable to use for a long period of time. Altogether good quality. Highly recommended as cheaper alternative.
I am very happy with my new earphones, these ones are the real deal! Great sound & mic quality. Thank you!
I got these because it had the microphone and remote. But it doesn't even work with my computer. Looks like i'll have to pay the Apple prices to get what i need. I'd give 2 1/2 stars but can't
I love it so excite. I will order again if I need more . it so nice. it working very well
I have a older ipod and it was very hard to get a pair of earphones with the controller on it. I looked on this site and there it was. When I received it, I was very happy, because it was exactly what I wanted and needed. Thanks for having everything. This site is awesome.
PROSSound quality is about 6/10 they have no bass, The sit really well in the ear without falling out.I'm a sound type person so u get what up paid for.CONS  NO BASS,  TANGLE EASY, Sound isIs not great. OK headphones
Bought these for my son. He liked them while they lasted. I think they would have lasted longer if he knew how to take care of his earphones. These were better than I expected.
This item work perfect, it's sounds great, the problem it that i would like to use the remote with androids phones and tablets.
I have a tendency to destroy headphones by getting the cord caught on something while walking or accidentally crushing the ear pieces in one way or another, so it was nice to get these at a decent price.These headphones work perfectly and are just as good as the newer version in my opinion.
Very Clean.Amazing!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!Great Product!!!•An explanation for what you liked or disliked about the product •Product pros and cons •Facts and feature details •Comparisons to similar products
It isn't the official apple brand headphones (which I expected), but it looked and functioned just like it when I got it. After a week one ear bud stopped working and then the microphone. I had to toss it soon after. DO NOT BUY
There are definitely better sounding headphones out there that have a mic. I recommend sony's noise canceling one's, they are so much more comfortable in your ear.
I bought them like a year and a half ago and they still work perfectly. This is better than I expected but are alike the ones you can find at walmart
The audio is good and so far nothing is falling off.I will update within a month to see the progress of this product, then will see. :)
This product is not the original one from Apple.It is a scam!, just an imitation that it is not working properly.
the product was great, works perfectly and as described.the headsets arrived on time as it was mentioned, microphone piece works perfectly as well.Highly Suggest This Product.
I read lots of reviews trying to be sure I wouldn't get a look-alike product but hopefully still get a good deal. I really like my Apple earbuds: I am satisfied with the sound and I especially like the controls on the mic which work flawlessly. The earbuds I received have a hard plastic cord where my originals from the store have a rubbery cord. Also the ones from Amazon have hard plastic around the earbud where mine have a rubbery edge which helps them stay in place. Lastly, the mic control feels different, more hard edged, and doesn't have the same gray color in the middle so they obviously aren't the same.They do work and they were a little cheaper, but I might as well have bought one of the really cheap earbuds if I was going to pay so much more and still not get what I want. I'm not returning them because it's just too much trouble, but I'll buy some in the store and save these for the next time I damage the cord. (I always damage it near where it plugs into the iphone because it gets pulled out a lot when I cook :/)So I can only suggest you buy yours from Apple or directly in a store if you want to be sure of what you are getting. If some truly recent edition originals are sold on Amazon, I wish someone would post the link cause I couldn't find it.
I'm actually using them while I write this review. The music is herd very clearly, the quality so far seems to be good. It doesn't look like the one in the picture though, but no matter, it works great, sounds great and so far, I am a happy customer. Did I mentioned that it arrived way earlier than it was estimated to do so? Well, it did. For that and the other before mentioned reasons, I give it 5 stars. I'm one happy customer. (And no, I am not being paid for this, just my honest review)
I have tried several type of earphones and like the Apple earphones better. I have several pair of them to use for differant occasions.Bob
An OEM Apple product that works perfectly. No bad issues. Amazon sells it at a good price.Would purchase it again.
These headphones are great because they have a controller/mic on the cord that allows you to speak and control functions of your device without taking it out of your pocket, however, this does break.  What are you going to do?
Ok this review got a 4/5 because I don't know if these are the real deal headphones but if they are fake they are pretty decent fakes id reccomend other headphones but if you want some white head phone like the rest of the Apple drones go ahead and buy some of these
I received these earphones as promised, the packaging looked fine. In fact, even completely authentic. After extensive research (or so I thought) I figured I would be safe ordering these earphones when the Seller is Amazon LLC, however, NOT true! Although Apple products are needlessly pricey, most earphones that have the speaker/remote control function all run in the $25+ range, so I figured why not go back to the Apple product but of course try to find it cheaper online? My mistake! Should have just gone to the apple store.  My factory original ones sadly died over time as the internal wire was severed by my own carelessness (I ran over it with my desk chair and have recalled stepping on it too). So, I figured second go round, I'd stick with Apple and be more careful.To pick up where I left off, the packaging is pristine, same box, shrinkwrapped and even included the pamphlet for limited warranty and once you take out the headphones they're wrapped with that thicker plastic that has the sticky tab to keep it shut. The earphones themselves look so legit that I didn't think to look closer, even down to the "China" stamp toward the bottom of the wire closest to the jack. It wasn't until less than a week later that I started doubting these earphones. During some songs, in the lower registers, I would hear this weird crackling sound (I would describe this noise as radio static that can intermittently be very high-pitched...imagine that filtering in your ear canal) and it would fluctuate in volume, so much that at it's loudest it was painful to keep the earbud in my ear. After a few painful seconds it would go away. That was one occurrence. Now about 3 days after the first time that happened it happens ALL THE TIME! I live in NYC so I constantly am in transit and in order to filter out the city's noise, I'm always listening to music or talking to people on the phone...with my earphones! To have this happening is not only inconvenient (now I have to return these, wait for my refund and go out and buy another pair) but also painful.Upon closer inspection, I've found two indicators that show me these are not real (despite it's very authentic packaging):1)the screen over the earbud (for lack of a better word to describe that mesh material covering the little speaker)is transparent....or at least not as opaque as the factory issued headphones are, meaning I can see what the interior looks like in detail vs the real Apple ones you cannot see anything.2)the area where the connector jack is (the part that plugs into your iPod/iPhone). My factory original ones had this rubbery part that was flexible and through wear and tear finally tore and I tore the rest off (my guess it was supposed to protect the part where it connects from fraying???). Well, the replacement headphones do not have that flexible rubbery piece there at all.So, in conclusion, maybe others may have had a happy ending with their faux "Apple" earphones but I certainly didn't. Serves me right to have purchased these online, all to save a few bucks. I gave it 2 stars because the packaging was so damn real looking, I had to give them points for the effort. However, the craftsmanship/quality does not measure up to the real Apple product.
I believe that this set of headphones was of very high quality and it has lasted me a long time. The only downside is that, this seller is from China, it took 3 weeks to get to PA from there! But its still very worth the wait and well worth the price I paid.
Its is very simple! DO NOT BUY! These are not Apple Earphones, they do not have they same quality and they are not worth your money!
These work exactly like the regular earphones. I have not had a problem with these yet and I've had them for a couple of weeks now. At first I thought that they didn't work and was about to get so incredibly mad until I realized that I did not push in the jack all the way. Stupid. But to my great surprise, everything worked. Happy with this purchase.
I actually made a mistake I redeemed 4 US Amazon gift cards instead of Canadian Amazon gift cards since I live in Canada. I had to pay $5.00 shipping which was USPS First-Class International Shipping and Amazon shipped these out on November 14th and it checked my mail on November 25th. So these may have shipped in less than 11 business days which was fairly fast. These earphones are very authentic. They are the exact originals that came with the iPhone. I am very satisfied 5/5. I would recommend this to anyone. Please see my youtube unboxing at the channel kesselrocks81. Subscribe for more unboxing content.
Shortly after writing my first review, the headphones fell apart and ceased to work.  I have since bought a real Apple set and the difference in quality is striking: this item's construction is only enough to fool a casual observer's first glance (whereas they use the real Apple photo).  This item is nothing less than a fraud and will only hold together long enough to be shipped, opened, and used once or twice.  In the words of my uncle, "Whoeva serr dis to you mus stirr be rrafing!"
I purchased these from Amazon and they were the same as the ones that came with my iPhone.If you get it from vendor and it's significantly cheaper than from Amazon they are probably not made by Apple.They came with 'very-apple' packaging. Using them as I write this review, very happy with them.
Great sound for a cheap price and the mic sounds great. Caution these are not apple original but made to be used with the ipod. they work perfect.
good headfone and work good thanks alot for the headfone i really like them and they work good and they are loud
I got the genuine apple earphones with this order. I absolutely love having the freedom to keep my iPod in my pocket and control it with the remote. I would give this 5 stars if the damn remote didn't break so frequently.
Great headphones comfortable and great sound I challenge you to find better headphones.  Please let me know if you do
I like just being able to plug and play. No sync required. Good sound quality. The only problem is that the white color makes them easily identifiable by theives! Would love for apple to make these in more colors.
When I ordered these headphones, I was worried that these were not Apple earphones as some reviews stated they recieved non-apple headphones. Gladly, these came in their Apple packaging with the apple warranty included. These aren't Dre headsets, but for the price they work as well as I need them to work!
This is the same headphones that comes from Apple. It came in an apple box just like they have in the apple store. Buy with confidence.
I use a program called TextFree on my iTouch. You can make voice calls and these earphones with the mic work perfectly.I recently went to the UK and made calls using the earphones and the sound quality was great. I would recommend them.
Great product, amazing sound, exactly as described, in new box, got item as described in a quick fast manner. Very impressed with service, thanks again.
The packaging and logo looks real but when you get the earphones they fall apart way too quickly. It was a waste of money since it only took a week for one side to stop working. The earphones that come with Apple products - now those are the real sturdy worth the buy deal.
I got it for my girl friend and she hasn't made an complaint...yet I could be wrong she don't use it much.
This item is real and it's very important to me. In other words, it's just Apple earphones. I rate it 5 stars.
I received this a day early which is great.  When I opened the package, these were in original Apple packaging.  So far they have worked fine although I have only had them for a couple of days.  But these were definitely Apple earphones.  I'm very glad I spent the extra money and bought directly from Amazon to avoid fakes.
these suck. dont buy them!! my remote died after the 36th day!!so yeah no refund or exchange after 30 days!! piece of crap!!
might be confused with some others i bought at same time, but both worked pretty well.  Have had no problems and came back and bought some more.  They have held up about same sounds quality (to me) as the ones that come with the iphone and the button on the strand works just the same, only problem is i sweat a lot and can't use em when I workout as the sweat malfunctions the button after a while.
I bought these earphones for my boyfriend as a Christmas gift. He took really good care of the earphones and used them frequently. Four months later, the remote part does not function anymore. I do not recommend this product.
I receive item on time and speakers work but I am unable to use it speak to anybody they don't hear me
these Apple earphones are a cheap knockoff and very poor quality, probably made in some third world nation.  when removing the plug from the iphone it came part.  Total garbage
I had somewhat high expectations of this product apparently. The day I got them, while merely walking down the stairs, the clicker fell apart and parts were never found. I though, forget it, I'll just use them as regular headphones.... But that didn't work either. Due to whatever fell apart in the clicker, the wiring must have gotten bad also because from that point on it would constantly zap my ear... I threw them away... On day one...
I purchased this product from Amazon on January 20th, and it arrived the 23rd. It came beautifully secured with the REAL Apple Headphones Inside. Once I received I was a bit skeptical because some people had difficulties with the item not being the real version. I tested these on my 4th generation iPod touch, and the audio is just like the pair I bought from RadioShack awhile back, The mic and everything is also perfect. The item was definitely how Apple would have shipped it I'm sure. For all the skeptics, you can also check if your item is the newest version by checking the box. Apple's Earphones have a White Box, and on the back it says it supports : iPhone 3Gs and newer, iPod touch 2nd,3rd and 4th generations, and ipod nano 5G, 6G, and iPad Hope this helps!
I had some concerns with these being some knockoff hollow non authentic earphones due to other reviews and having purchased a pair of fake apple earphones, but rest assured if these are purchased directly from amazon they are real. MAKE SURE you purchase from Amazon any other sellers might be fake, but having purchased many items in the past from amazon I had no doubts they were real and they sound great!
I bought 2 of these so I could place them strategically around the house. I've been using them for almost a month and have been very pleased.Update on 6/18/12 - 6 months and both sets are still working fine!
Purchase from Amazon, not a third party vendor. Apple earphones in Apple retail packaging!  If this is what you are looking for this is it.
Buy from Amazon and you can't loose. After reading others that left coments and reviews we decided to only purchase this certain item from Amazon.  Turns out the earphones work great.
I love this hearphones, they work perfectly with my iphone 3g, except for the volume control because it works with models after the iphone 3g. The volume control works with iphone 3gs and iphone 4. All the rest work perfectly.
These headphones quit working shortly after I got them.  It is very unusual for Apple products to break, so I am not sure what the story is here.  These headphones were garbage.  After this, I went and bought some real headphones at the Apple store and they have worked perfectly ever since.  BUYER BEWARE!
I recently bought these earphones and have had them for a little under a week, but I'm already in love with them. My previous ones that came with my iPod (without the remote) were stolen, so I wanted to find a better pair that was cheaper. I decided to purchase them from ShopCell, and I'm glad I did (hence the high rating). The only thing I regret about them so far is that I didn't buy them sooner. Although they were the last item of my order to arrive,they still came in the alloted delivery estimate.I did see that a lot of people reviewed negatively about them, so I decided to see for myself if they were of good quality. I picked the seller with the highest positive ratings and lowest price, and ShopCell was that seller.As soon as I got them, I tested all of their functions. THe sound quality was amazing, they were genuine Apple earphones on close examination, and they came in the white Apple box and original packaging, all coiled up. I hope that they will be durable and last me a good long while, as they seem to be just fine at the moment.I'm so glad I got these, and I hope my review helps someone in the future! :D
these look just like the ones that my iPhone came from. they work exactly the same. great microphone/volume buttons. just what i needed at a great price. would def buy more
I received a product that is 100% different from the description and the pictures provided.  The headphones are terrible on a whole-DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM as you will regret it.-There isn't a remote-Microphone quality is poor-Speaker quality is poor-The length of the unit is shorter than the newest model
The Apple Earphones I bought were fake. Microphone quality is very, very poor. I ran multiple test with the two earphone I purchased with a real one and it was very clear that these were fake.  They are okay earphones but the sound output from the mic on the receiving end is very, very poor almost non understandable.Buyer beware: they look real and sound real, but are not. I am very disappointed and advise everyone not to buy these from this seller.
These Apple Earphones with the inline controls and mic is as expected.  It came in the Apple retail box and works.  Be sure to buy directly from Amazon as a lot of the ones floating around on Amazon tend to be third party apple earphone knockoffs.  These earphones tend to usually last me around 6 months which is a lot better than other earphones I've used with my iPhone.  I have had both cheaper skullcandy earphones and ultimate ears earphones that are twice the price.  Both quit functioning after 2 months.  My main reason for purchasing these is simply because they last longer than the competition under heavy use.
The earphone is the authortic apple earphone! I use it for skype by my ipod touch! It is very nice one!
Compared to the genuine apple earphones I have always purchased (prior to these which I doubt are genuine)these leave a lot to be desired. All they are good for is listening since the mic barely works and no one can hear me on the other end. This was not after prolonged use (which does happen with genuine apple earphones) - this was how it worked from day one.  This was a waste of money. I ended up in Best Buy the next day buying real apple earphones.
Got the buds for about 1/3 of original Apple buds price as a spare.  Advertised as Apple Earphones with Remote and Mic (Newest Version).But sound quality of buds were really bad.  One side is louder than the other.  Overall sound has no punch and sounds very boxy (like there's an echo) compared to Apple original that I used to compare this to.  Can't envision I can use this on regular basis to listen to music.
Just what I was looking for. The best sound quailty ever.Easy to use. Love that I'm able to adjust volume. Best price.
The volume buttons do not work at all. You can't adjust the volume. I advise to stay away from this product.
The earphones work well. The Mic does not. Sound goes in and out. Very annoying to anyone that you are talking to. Rather misleading product description. They are earphones with remote and Mic FOR APPLE. NOT Apple earphones.
Out of the box only one ear works.  The controls are fine, but it is awful to listen to music with only one ear.  I guess I got what I paid for since it is half the cost of Apple head phones...
I was suspicious about these earphones because of the low cost and the fact that they didn't come in the rectangular Apple earphone box. These earphones are packaged as when they are included in an iPhone box, in a plastic wrap. I inspected them with a magnifying glass and compared them to the original earphones I received with my iPhone. There is no difference. I brought them to an Apple store for inspection and was told with confidence by an employee that the earphones are Apple earphones. The sound quality is identical to the original Apple earphones I got with my iPhone. Based upon this, I conclude that these earphones (I got mine from "Beast Deals") are truly Apple earphones.
These are great, I use them ALL the time. In fact, they're easier than bluetooth since u just plug them in, no waiting to pair. I was surprised since these were the ACTUAL Apple ones...no gimmicks, no 3rd party. Almost hard to believe since Apple generally doesnt sell on Amazon. Very nice, I may get one extra pair too.
they have a warranty for 1 year through apple for one year (if they go bad though, no physical damage) and not a lot of headphones provide that + they are replaced on the spot! I mostly use mine for talking and walking because it picks up peoples voices pretty good. Also I use mine to listen to music (SHOCKER). Ok they are not Beats by Dre, or Sonys, or Senys but they are probably the best ear buds that are this cheap! My only problem is, when I use them to work out, I sweat out of my ear a bit and they kind of clog up the sound but surprisingly don't ruin them once they dry out.Overall, your getting what you pay for...They are not the best or the worst but they are well balanced out and this is probably the cheapest you'll find them from retailers.
Í ordered this convinced that I was going to get originals... But no luck there. I am a big amazon fan, I do a lot of shoping here, but this time I must say that they blew it. The earphones I got were not originals, they didn't have a mic or anything and they're even scratched and broken... I can't talk to you about the sound, because to tell you the truth I won't dare put those things in my ear without knowing where they've been before.
I decided to wait for this review, because i found previous bad opinions in this product. The product works well, each button works propperly and the sound is very good. Appearance of earphones is a little bit different to the original earphones but not too much
I lost my old earphones for iPhone 4. Purchased these as substitution. They work WITHOUT any faults so far.I would recommend this product.
The earphones arrive, yes with the apple little box and everything in it. But the right earphone doesn't works, either the microphone or the volume control. I don't recommend anyone to buy from this seller.
When I received my iPhone 4s, these same headphones came with my phone. I used them all the time. For about 3 days, I thought I had lost them, so I was so happy to see that I could replace them for a reasonable amount. When they arrived, (a day early! :) ) I was so glad to see that the replacement headphones were just like the ones I had lost. In fact, these are a little bit better. They are clearer and thanks to the instructions that came with the headphones, I learned they could do even more than I thought they could. I did find my "lost" headphones but still prefer these new ones.
and the primary purpose I got them for includes using them for Skype. They are perfect for that. But I rate the product a 3 instead of a 5 because of Apple requiring their own proprietary headset for iPads (1 and I assume likewise for 2 and the whole line of iPhones and iPods). Have a Blackberry headset and a Nokia headset which you would think would work but they don't on an iPad yet are interchangeable with each other. Also, in this day and age one would expect the iPad to be able to use a Bluetooth headset but that is not the case! Amazon does offer a great price for a genuine Apple headset though. Better than going to the Apple store and being ripped-off.
I purchased this new from Amazon.com and got exactly what I expected. These are great headphones and are exactly what I needed to replace my worn out pair of headphones that came with my iPhone 4.
My earphones were gone last year and this is a good replacement for it. The comand works perfect and it arrived on time. Thanks!
Product arrived on time (fast shipment). Item as described. Not original earphones but still good quality for the price. Thanks a lot!
I'm glad I decided on these earphones out of all the knock-offs currently on Amazon.  They look, feel, and behave exactly like my original earphones that broke.  Sooner or later these will break too, I'm sure, and I'm happy that I now know where I can get them for 1/3rd the cost.These shipped from California and arrived in three days (I live in Texas).
I purchased two pairs of these buds for use with my new 6th Gen. Nano.  Neither pair worked...the Voice Memo icon did not appear.  I plugged them into my 5th Gen. Nano and they worked just fine.  After a bit of research, I decided to try the latest "official" Apple buds, which I ordered from Amazon.  They work just fine on my 6th Gen. Nano.  The technical info on the Apple website led me to expect this result, although you have to do some serious reading between the lines.  My buds that did not work on the 6th Gen. came from Kingsley although I suspect that this item is the same regardless of the vendor.  The verbiage "Newest Version" seems misleading; perhaps it means "newest version of knock-off buds/mic for products up to and including 5th Gen. Nano." I did not return them; they are dirt cheap.  They are still earbuds, just without a functional mic for my purposes.)
I run 15-20 miles per week in these (in Florida heat) with my iphone 4 and haven't had an issue with sweat killing these headphones (yet).  Work just as well as apple and much cheaper.  I'll buy again.*update* Just a few hours after writing the previous good review, the remote stopped working.  Going back to Apple headphones...ugh.
These are not "apple" headphones. Very bad knock offs and poor sound quality. Do not buy these headphones. They don't look like apple headphones either.
Had no problems, item came in a timely manner and was what I expected. Would recommend them to anyone looking for cheap ear buds but good quality. Would buy again.
You cannot go wrong buying these headphones! Why pay $30 retail? I got mine from Deal Tech and they shipped very fast and work great. the play/pause button has given a little trouble, which is why I gave 4/5 stars, but the quality of sound is just as good as $30 Apple headphones.
My headphones arrived after only 1 week. They are working fine as headphones, but the microphone and volume remote are not working with my Android phone (it detects a headset, not a headset with mic). I'm not sure if this is due to the fact that these features are only compatible with iPhones or if the headset is partially defective. I really just wanted a spare set of earbuds, so they suit my needs, but I am disappointed the additional features aren't working, because they would have been useful.
I figured from other reviews that it can be kinda hit or miss as far as what you're going to get when you buy these cheaper headphones, regardless of whether they're labeled as being official Apple headphones or not. The version that I got was definitely NOT the retail headphones, as while they did have a remote to control play/pause, there was no volume control. The sound itself is fine, nothing special but it is fine and clear enough. I will probably return these and try my luck with one of the other innumerable knockoffs sold through Amazon, but you definitely have to manage your expectations if you're trying to get a deal.
I'm not sure why everyone is upset.  The headphones I ordered are excellent quality genuine Apple headphones... not knock offs. They arrived in 5 literal days (3 business days), not two weeks... and they were shipped from New York, not from overseas.  I'm very happy with my order!
I purchased my headphones, specifically for the mic and volume control. I received the headphones, and the pair did not have a mic or volume control. I'm sending them back today, and will not be buying from the sellers again!
Have you ever got the free earphones on a airplane and realized that the quality of speakers is slightly better than the baby crying behind you?  Well, that's the same thing with these ear buds.  Clearly not an Apple product.  You get what you pay for.  *Just ask your friends who like their ear buds where they got them/the name and order those on amazon.  Don't be persuaded by the price.  Not being able to enjoy/hear most music and people on the phone stinks!
I have bought this item used but in new condition. I can't say whats the difference in old version and in this one, besides that 10 bucks. Whatever sound is good. Don't waste your money, buy old version it's the same product
These have been the best wired headset for my HTC EVO phone, I've purchased. Calls are clear and people on the other side of the conversation can hear me despite the windy conditions.
These Apple earphones are nice, they are very comfortable. You can hear your music very clear. The cord is just right. The earphones arrived on time. I would recommend these earphones.
came in the retail apple product box as advertised and they are still working very well... no issues with the mic either... thank you amazon... only gripe was that the box was way to bid for the tiny item that was in it lol.
i got these with an ipod touch...the cable got a short, and both earbuds blew out after 2 months of light usages. Cheap plastic, complete crap. Fine if you buy them with an ipod, you have no choice. But DO NOT WASTE YOUR HARD-EARNED MONEY ON THESE CRAPPY EARPHONES. YOU CAN FIND MUCH BETTER FOR LESS
Ordered the ear buds on Monday, they arrived on Wednesday.  They were in a apple box and work great.  It all worked out really well.
I'm leaving this review because my decision to purchase was based on the other reviews associated with the product, and I appreciated that people took the time, because they seem to have landed on these after having experience purchasing the many lousy headsets sold on amazon that have the same picture and description, but are in fact not at all like the original apple iphone headsets.so, in short, these are very similar to apple iphone headsets, and I'm grateful that i found them.  i lose headsets once a month, easily, and it just drives me nuts to spend $30 at apple on them.  it CAN'T cost 'em 50 cents to make these things, you know?So, coz i'm a cheap-ass- i'd troll amazon for cheap versions, and they were always unreliable pieces of junk, so i'd go back to buying the expensive apple sets.  'til now.  I bought several more pairs after testing that these were indeed as good as reviewed.I hope that the product sold on this link continues to be the same product that I'm reviewing here.good luck, bargain hunters
llego super rapido en perfectas condiciones me encantan super economico para el precio los pueden comprar en confianza muy buenos
First off, they said they were authentic...WRONG! They come in a box that looks like you bought them from Chinatown! I bought it for the remote and yes that works but the mic doesn't work at all! It did come quick though. and for 7 bucks what else could you have expected....looks like another Amazon seller scam...
THESE ARE NOT APPLE EARPHONES! These earphones were not packaged in Apple packaging, and they are an inferior product. Shame on me for not reading the reviews which already addressed this problem.
I'd lost my original iPhone 4 earbuds and was wary of knockoffs that others in the reviews cited.  At the time I ordered, it seemed like a bunch of questionable retailers latched onto this description/item and presumably were selling the knockoffs (missing features and all).I specifically ordered the ones sold by Amazon.com and not any 3rd party retailers.  The ones I received seem to be genuine based on the box, packaging, papers included, etc.  They were exactly in the style I've seen of other Apple products.  My earbuds have all the features that my lost earbuds had and look just like [....]My advice is to order directly from Amazon, not a 3rd party reseller and if the price is too good to be true (FAR below Apple's MSRP), then steer clear.
Got what I wanted, at a decent price, shipped on time. Basically you can get two for the price of one, or half off, which is a great deal.
Received the headset/mic in condition as indicated and received it quickly. Would buy from this seller again.Product was in unopened original box with directions included.
These are NOT Apple headphones as advertised.  The ear bud fell apart within on week of moderate use.  The clarity is horrible.  I should have known by the price.
The seller claimed the headphones were new, well it came in a used box and the headphones themselves looked used. I used them for two weeks and then they broke. I would never recommend purchasing anything from this seller.
These headphone are just what I needed, AND YES THEY ARE AUTHENTIC APPLE HEADPHONES, seller shipped it the very next day. Very smooth transaction and will definietly do business with this seller again.
For the price I think these are totally fine. I find the cord has a strange kinking behavior that makes them a bit hard to untangle, the remote is not all that helpful, and the sound quality is inferior to that of >$100 headphones (but what did you expect?).These may not be the best headphones for audiophiles. If you just want a set that works and is at your door for less than $15 dollars these are hard to beat.
Works great for $8. They are probably fake, because the cord is a weird texture and the earbud mesh is slightly rough on the edges, but I noticed no different in sound quality and functionality.
My earphones work great!!  This product came way quick and I love it.  The box was crushed when i recieved it but the product was not damaged and it works great!!  Would recommend to others!!
The cord- thin and easy- gets twisted easily plus the little holder to keep it in a certain spot always comes undoneremote- love how handy it is.. wish it was biggerauthenticity- looks real to me
Apple usually doesn't make stuff outta crap. That being said these are some great earbuds.  They also come with a year warranty I think. I got it so that I could skype with people in Russia. It works great for that, however I have small ears, and so they hurt if they're in too long.  So if you've got small ears don't buy this unless you need the mic.
Bad, I bought earphones, for one the remote doesn't work at all, neither the mic. For the other one the remote works but the mic doesn't.
I have not had a lot of use of my new earphones yet but I've been pleased with them so far. I am very glad they have the remote feature. Highly recommend this item especially for music and movie use.
These are NOT Apple brand earphones, like they're made to seem in the product page. They're only similar in that they're white and have a remote. The remote is flimsy, the earbuds are smaller (Apple ones are large enough to stay properly in my ear), and the cord is covered in a high friction rubber, rather than the slick coating that is on the Apple earbuds. Sound is OK, but I would not recommend buying these--they're not the bargain you may think.
Crystal clear and work perfectly well. I am very pleased with how fast the headset came to me. I chose super saver shipping option and my earbuds still came in lighting quick. Thanks for such speedy service people. These were exactly what I was looking for.
The mic doesn't work. This item is not good if you want to use to speak to people through this earphones...
Very good quality, the real thing...I loose headphones like so many people loose sun glasses...I am buying more...You should also...Patrick
I Had no problems at all, i was really happy with the new headphones. There was no doubt that they were brand new. It was packaged well and was clean. Thank you.
Don't waste your money! The "Mic" part is misleading. The volume control barely works. This is a piece of junk!
These headphones that the seller states are Apple are NOT! They have bad sound quality and look and feel very fake. I strongly advise you NOT to buy them.
The headphones are perfect. And they got here so fast! The headphones are the same kind that come in the box when you first purchase an iPhone, but are way more affordable.
I purchased these because of the price, my old originals were getting worn. Found out it would take almost 2 weeks to arrive I went out and bought some originals from a local store but kept these coming for backups. In comparison to the ones i just bought they feel very brittle, the wire feels like it would break after a few months of regular use and the ear comfort strip is very hard compared to the originals. But for a third the price i think it is worth the buy, they still work just as they are supposed to and sound just like the originals. might last a little less as long but if your always losing your headphones these are a good buy.
Bought the headphones from Amazon with prime. I avoided the third party sellers. The headphones were genuine apple ones. Amazons price was very competitive and I have no issues with the product.IF YOU WANT THE REAL THING BY FROM AMAZON (price will be higher) - NOT THIRD PARTY
this earphones are the best thank you some much i really like buy on amazon i try buy at ebay and i have very bad experince i never buy nothing for ebay i really like amazon and thank you some much to this seller becouse the ear phones woork great i will buy moore items for this buyer and again thank you amazon and this seller.prince
This was exactly what I wanted. The Apple headset with microphone for the iPhone. It's the same thing you'd get in the Apple store, with the great service and price from Amazon.Note: On Amazon, I always try to buy from Amazon even if it's not the least expensive solution. Amazon support is great, they'll take care of you if there's a problem, and their product descriptions are typically very accurate. I suspect this same description is used by some of the 3rd party vendors which may have resulted in people not getting what they expected. (I'm sure most 3rd party vendors are pretty good.) If the deal is "too good to be true", you may want to up your price point with another vendor. In all cases, let Amazon know if there's a problem so that they can address the issue.
These are, actually not real Apple headphones. 4 concrete things i've noticed about true iPod headphones (besides the fact it has a mic and the 2 peices controlling the length of the L & R cables.) is as follows.1) Located near the headphone jack on the cable, it says the word China on it. This does! i was elated because many many knockoffs lack this one.2) The colors of the cable itself is white, but slightly grey, along with the soft peice in between the jack and the cable connection.3) The jack itself is shiny white, and along the peice that goes into the audio port, it has white bands.4) The earbuds have a soft ring around the connection of the speakers and the part holding the buds.The only thing these headphones lack is the soft ring around the speakers, and while its not there these still may prove to be a great pair of headphones (Personally my main problem with ipod headphones is that if the soft ring around the headphones gets peirced, it starts to fall apart very quickly and it has been the cause of 2 headphones [60$+tax] being wasted!) I only just got them today and i'm still very happy with them!Hopefully they are as durable and long lasting as ipod headphones or better! But if you're looking for the real thing i wouldn't buy these because these are not they.
it is much cheaper than the one I bought from apple store. the quality is good~ looks same as the one I bought from apple store
As others have stated, I was unsure about buying these due to the price being half of what I would pay at the Apple store. Put your mind at ease, these are exactly the same product that ships with the iPhone 4. All the same features, even the same packaging. You can't go wrong if you are looking to replace a lost or damaged set, which I was. For this price I'd buy them again, should my son some how get a hold of them. =)
Those iPhone earphones (the ones that come with your phone) are pretty fragile.  I know they're not the most durable or sweat-resistant earphones on the market, but I like the remote and mic features too much to go with something else.  Ever since I got my iPhone I've gone through at least 5 pairs of these things.At the store, these earphones will run you around $30.  I was hesitant to buy an unrated item from a seller (Beast Deals) I hadn't used before, but for $12.88 I figured the chance to find an outlet for earphones over 50% cheaper than at the store was worth the risk, and bought it.  Obviously due to my 5-star rating, I'm glad I did.The earphones do not come in a box or in white packaging like at the Apple store, but are coiled like they would be inside said packaging.  The earphones are, as far as I can tell, genuine.  The sizing is the same, the length of the cord seems to be the same, examination of the head and earbuds seems to indicate it's the same product.  I tend to keep these earphones in my pocket with my phone, so we'll see how the life of the product is in a semi-taxing environment like that as time goes on(I take them out and put them back in my pocket several times a day every day).The earphones seem 100% functional.  Naturally I tested audio quality, remote capability, and mic capability, and all of them mirrored my earphones that I purchased at the Apple store.  Needless to say I am pleased I found a place where I can buy these headphones for less than half of what I normally purchase them for.I will keep tabs on this review and come back to post if I encounter any problems with this product in the future, but at least now I'm completely satisfied and pleased with my purchase.  I will definitely be coming back here to purchase replacements for myself and/or my friends and family.Hope this review helped :)**EDIT 11/03/2011**: Looks like some other customers have had problems with quality of their headphones from this page.  I also see there are a lot of different vendors now selling it.  Personally, with the pair I bought from Beast Deals, my pair is still going strong and working great.  I even accidentally left it in my jeans pocket and put it through the wash.  I was amazed that they still function perfectly (I was sure to make sure they were dry before I tried to use them).I can unfortunately only speak to the pair I got from Beast Deals, which is a vendor I'd trust.  If they're up around $12.88 still, they may not be the cheapest.  Just select "16 new" (or whatever the number) under the price to see all vendor options.If I were to buy again, I will probably try a cheaper vendor first, just in case, but will go back to Beast Deals if there's a problem.
Great headphones! I was skeptical not buying from the apple store. Based on reviews these looked genuine- and they were! For just aboht half the cost of headphones at the store- cant beat that! No problems yet- Ive had them for about a month.
What i thought of this product at first when i had gotten it was ,awesome,but then when i opened the box,it came in a clear little bag apearing to be used when i had bought it new,so i took an even closer look and took it out and saw there there was a tiny stain on one of the earphones side where it labels which ear the earphone goes on, this shocked me but i wasnt gonna cry about it so i just got some rubbing alcohol rubbed the entire product till satisfactory and now everythings fine.
Now this product is a dandy.  If you go to an Apple store, this product would cost you much more than what I paid, and it works just as well if not better than the Apple product. For just a little search, I found this much cheaper product. I hate iPods.
I cannot use the volume control most of time. it just simply does not work! And the wires are thinner than the original one.
Regular ear buds just weren't working for me, but when I saw this item, it had everything I needed!  They look great and work well.
i'd love to share, but i have not yet received this item and it was ordered nearly a month ago!
Purchased directly from Amazon.  Right earphone developed a short within 3 days of light use.  Returned and purchased Etymotic Research MC5 Noise Isolating In-Ear Earphones (Black) on a Lightning Deal.
They were cheap and I waited a long time for them to come from hong kong. I thought it would be worth it since I didn't need them right away. The mic didn't work out of the box and the entire headphones feels cheap. You get what you pay for. I am going to the apple store next time.
After reading Amazon reviews from individuals that had purchased ear buds that were "like" genuine Apple, but turned out to be inferior products I was concern about buying a lesser quality item than the ear buds I received when I purchased my iPod.  This item was labeled as genuine Apple and that exactly what I received; they are identical to the ear buds that came with my iPod when I purchased it. Exactly what I wanted.  A little pricey though, but that's Apple.
I am still waiting for the headphones to show up.  Great deal, right! For $12 I get the pleasure of writing this review. How do I get my money back?
just what I was waiting for first class apple headphones... buy it are very nice, works nicer in all my devices
These weren't actually Apple earphones and besides, they didn't work. The seller kindly gave me a no questions asked refund.
beat problems associated with microphone and remote control panel, but it works now. good headphones Apple, with a remote control and a microphone, as well as at the time, good seller.
i bought this headphone thought it would have work with my iphone which it soppoesd to and didnt tries it with my friends blackberry worked there!... u and answer ,skipped to music or nothing.! dispointed!
this product is awwesome...was super cheap and works great....lost my moms pair of these and thot i would have to shell out thirty bucks but ended up finding these for like three...aaawesome
Neither mic or volume control works. Also, you can only plug in half way. If you plug in fully, you get bad or no sound. Will, be returning for refund!
I don't know if you repair them, or where you get these headphones from, but they are no good. The volume control is messed up on them, and they replaced a pair and with the new pair it was the same thing. What a waist of $19.95, I would have rather paid the $29.99 from apple themselves. That's what I get for trying to save a dollar.
They're great! i got em 2 days before delivery, they work perfectly, and they're actual apple ones, they looked like they were taken right out of the iPhone 4 box and sent directly in the sleeve, which i think is good, I just would have liked them in a box you know?
BEWARE: the earphones I received were counterfeit... I had them inspected by several people after the cord physically broke, then compared them to actual Apple earphones from the Apple Store.  Not only are the sound quality of these knockoffs crap, but they broke after only a week of use.  Definitely invest to get them directly from Apple or another trusted source.  Oh, and the microphone never worked.
The earphones are not very comfortable and the sound quality is poor. Also, the left one stopped working one month after I bought it. Total waste of money.
I was happy to find these earphones so cheaply on Amazon.  My daughter loves her Ipod shuffle but it takes these special earphones which can come with a big price tag.Once I placed the order on Amazon, my order arrived within days!  Very happy!
The first day I used these, the ear bud separated and fell apart.  I was able to glue it back together, but I really shouldn't have had to.  Otherwise they've functioned fairly well. Based on these reviews apparently these aren't really original equipment "apple". What did I expect for 11 bucks.
The picture looks like The I phone, what I got was not, it was  different not a compatible with the Iphone, very nice from the seller they refund the money.
When I first got these headphones, they were on point.  But the more I used them, the more people started to hear themselves on the other side of the line.  They were echoing the entire coversation.  When they had me on speaker or bluetooth, I would hear myself echoing through the phone.  I don't know what the policy is on these headphone, but I wish I could just get a good replacement pair.  Listening to music is pretty straight on them though.  I hope they get better with their products.  Oh and I get the merchandise a day later than it was suppose to be.  That sort of pissed me off.
The store was wonderful!  they were very quick to stand by their product and made sure that I was satisfied with my order.I love the earphones. Its so convenient to not have to take out my phone every time I want to change the song.
Got the item for a great, though still slightly overpriced price, came quickly, super fast shipping, but then received the product and the remote never worked, and also the backing fell off of it. not satisfied with it.
Though it looks the part, I can't even imagine that this might be an Apple product. It arrived folded up and the cord quite badly kinked after a ride from Optimum Trade in a small padded envelope. After one frustrating phone call lasting 15 frustrating minutes, I finally gave up. Frustrated. It sounded like we were in the Chunnel at first, then he couldn't hear me unless I held the remote part up to my mouth and spoke directly into it. Contacted seller and am hoping for the best possible smooth refund.
The seller send my earphone promptly and well packaged however, the earphone cord is flimsy and after only a week looks like its about to break.
This product is described as Apple Earphones with remote and Mic (Retail packaging). They arrived in a little plastic bag inside a padded envelope, with no paperwork or other packaging. That's not what I consider "retail packaging". I expected to have something included that would help confirm that the product was indeed the one manufactured by Apple and not a knock-off version. I paid extra because of how the product was described and because I expected the actual Apple product. Now I am not really sure if it is an Apple product or not.Luckily, the earphones, mic and remote do work. If I'd had problems, I would not have had any easy way to contact the seller since there was no paperwork included - nothing with a phone number, address or instructions on how to contact them if there was a problem.The product works, but some of the cheaper, knock-off products may have worked OK, too. I just feel like I've paid extra for something that may or may not be what I was expecting.Update April 2011 - After using the earbuds a couple of times, I noticed that some of the our sheathing over the wires had pulled away from the one ear piece. I contacted them and the sent a replacement pair very quickly at no charge. They seem to be interested in making sure their customers are pleased.
NOTE! BUY FROM AMAZON! DO NOT BUY FROM THIRD PARTY SELLERS!I trust Amazon. Though the headphones are more expensive if you buy from them, they are genuinely Apple. The sound quality could use some improvement. The basses are weak and the highs aren't the clearest. However, they work pretty well as casual use headphones and terribly as exercise headphones. Sweat easily gets in the remote and causes it to stop functioning. Use with caution when exercising. Using the remote is dead simple. Volume up, volume down, and center button. Click center once for play/pause music, twice to skip forward, three times to go back, and hold for voice control [if on newer iPhones (will it work for iPod touches?)]. It is very convenient for answering/making calls. The microphone yields good quality talking and listening is clear. The connector part of the microphone has changed from weak rubber to a hard plastic. However, the cord can still easily be pulled out.I would say these are decent headphones. They're good for calls and some music listening. Just be sure to buy it from Amazon and not a someone selling their product in the Marketplace.EDIT/UPDATE 9/16/2012 - You may want to check out Apple's Earpod headphones before buying these. The Earpods have better sound quality, are more comfortable, and don't fall out as easily.Update 8/22/2012 - These headphones are still working although some rubber-ish stuff is splitting. Still works nicelyQuick Note: If the product is not genuinely Apple, then don't rate the headphones. The bad reviews due to fake headphones are creating an incorrect rating. Instead, rate the seller lowly, ask for a refund, and buy the headphones from your Apple store, Target, Best Buy, Amazon (with Amazon.com as the seller), etc.
I ordered two sets, one for me and another for a co-worker. I opened mine and one ear bud didn't work, the other set was opened and a day later one ear bud ceased working.  I accidentally threw away the return slip, assuming they would both work. I now have 2 sets of non working earphones.  Very disappointing.
I made this purchase from Bogotá, Colombia, using a PO box I've got in Miami.Today I finally received my earphones and this is the worst product I have purchased, I feel STOLEN.The right earphone doesn't even work, I can't hear music.I need my money back or earphones in excellent status.Thank you.
My headphone just came today, they were complete fakes, cheap wire, earbuds were hallow, and the volume and mic control dosen't even work.DON"T WASTE UR MONEY ON COUNTERFEIT HEADPHONES!!!
So I buy two thinking these were the real OEM Apple headphones. Boy was I in for a treat. Here's the catch I bought 2 of them. One for me and one for my wife. Tried both, both has tons of static and the mic doesn't work very well. Don't buy it, spend more money and go to the Apple store.
The headphones crackle and the remote does not work on the pair that I received. I would not recommend spending the money for these. I was very disappointed
Ordered Two But One Of Them The Left Ear Piece Didnt Work And The Other One The Volume Down On The Remote Was Stuck!
The look and function exactly like Apple earbuds to the finest detail, however, the sound quality is noticeably lacking on these when compared to the genuine Apple equivalent.  The sound lacks the depth and detail that I've come to appreciate in Apple headphones.  That said, if you're not an audiophile, these earbuds still sound better than a lot of others around the same price point.  Also, recordings through the mic sounded identical to the Apple product.  The remote works fine, but the volume buttons don't 'click' as distinctly as the do on my previous pair; not a big deal.  Can't say how durable they are as I haven't had them very long.Bottom line, I guess these earbuds are worth exactly the price I paid for them, but I was looking for something that sounded as good as my previous earbuds, so I'll keep these as a backup pair.  If these aren't genuine, they shouldn't be advertised as an Apple product, and they might suffer from some quality issues if I were to use them on a regular basis.
this is a true apple headset. It performs exactly like a regular apple headset, i know because i've bought plenty of them over the years. and for those of you who dont understand how the play and fast forward button work: if you press the area in between the volume buttons where the plastic dips in itll stop if you press it again itll play, and if you press it twice quickly itll fast forward. if you got a broken headset i feel bad for you and you should get a refund but the product is a true apple headset. truthfully worth the price and at half price it is definitely a steal. oh and another reason i know why they are actually apple headphones is because of the way they are packaged. only apple packages their headphones like this
This was not sold as advertised.  The cord only has a volume adjustment, not a stop/play/ff feature as I thought. They are regular ear phones with a volume control.  Nothing fancy.
I bought these hoping to save a few bucks.  I saved a few bucks but my first pair of headphones were very poor quality.  I posted a review here and within a few hours was contacted by iPhonesiSell.  They wanted to replace the headphones with a better quality pair.  At no cost to me, they sent me another set of headphones (they didn't even require me to send the first pair back). The headphones are quite as good as my OEM Apple pair but they are pretty close.  The 2nd pair ended up making it a pretty good deal.
This was a present for my boyfriend and he totally loved it. He uses it daily and works perfectly. I bought it a few months ago and its still working great!Great product for a great price.
Earphones were just as described. Packages were a bit smashed, but it did not effect them at all. Great price and they're perfect. Thanks!
The description does not mention this, but I got a used pair.  THEY WERE DISGUSTING.  Also, the mic doesn't work well for phone calls, which is the reason I wanted these in the first place.  Better off going to straight to apple.
I did a side by side comparison with my other headaphones from apple with mic, the difference is that the wired for this 1 is thiner and my old one's. but hey they work. had them 1hr and sound great with all the Volume up.. wanted to see if they resist and they do.
This guy sold me ear phones with remote and mic for ten dollars. Though, it was cheap and looked like the real thing, the moment I opened the package the mic fell off. FELL OFF! It wasnt a real mic. It was like a sticker or sumthing, as well as the earbuds, which fell off a few hours later. This guy is a scammer.
The earphones volume control and the ability to change songs has never worked on this product since the fist time I plugged it into my IPOD. Unfortunately, there is no other way to change songs or control volume without this specific type of earphones.  I will have to go directly through APPLE.
I feel really bad about the product, it is not an apple earphone with control , it's a really poor product with pause on it. DO NOT BUY IT !
Now if the speakers will last...That's what will happen to the first one....Ilove my nono shuffle and what it to last forever...but new products are developed all the time...what a fast moving world......Susan
It's not a strong pair of earbuds because in a few months it will start to break apart, so you will have to be gentle with it.
The volume control is wonky now. It automatically ups the volume without my even touching it, until it reaches the maximum volume...so basically not good after just a few months.
I bought these earbuds not knowing what to expect (except a much lower price than Apple).  So far I am satisfied, work well, audio fine for earbuds.
First of all this is not the "NEWEST APPLE HEADSET" it doesn't have volume control the cord is already falling apart and the microphone is on the wrong side!!! Complete waste of my money+ it took 4ever 2 get here!! Didnt even give the option 4 faster shipping. So po'd about this..... Oh yeah tried using it on a phone call& it doesn't work!!
Everything went as expected; The Earphones were wrapped in a little plastic case and the sound quality is just as if Apple was selling them for $29 except this company sold it for only $10 plus $2 shipping :) I just got them today and there doesn't seem to be a problem yet. Only time will tell if they are durable. The great company that shipped them is Accessory US
I was very pleased with my purchase. The headphones arrived in the original Apple packaging and they work fantastically...both when listening to music and during phone calls.
I ordered a new earphone set for my ipod shuffle and received a nice pair of ipod earphones but they did not have the controls on the cord. It was the WRONG! type and after waiting for close to a month for the product I felt it or this vendor was a waste of my time. I purchased a product that was advertised and got a different item in return. THIS IS NOT GOOD BUSINESS.
I don't know why people gave this product a bad review! People who said their was no remote with it were probably misled or confused by what the remote is. The headphones are so amazing, they have a button on them where you can higher/lower the volume or stop/play the music on your ipod (that's what the remote is, the little button on the headphones). The microphone is also really good! For the most part I loved this product and I was very satisfied with it, especially that I paid less for it than what I would have at the apple store.
They were not compliant with my phone but the return process was very easy and the customer services was GREAT!! I will continue to purchase iteams from this seller.
The set I received was not the set pictured, nor was it in apple packaging. In addition, one of the ear-buds didn't work out of the package. Lesson learned...
Thank you so much I received another earphones, sorry for leaving a negative feedback before informing you, thank you so much
This is same as other normal earphones and not 100% an apple product. The bass is less. But for this price its okay to use as an alternate.
Definitely not OEM. The materials and quality is sub-par and looks flimsy and weak, i.e., may breakdown or fall apart with less than normal use. Sound quality from the headphones are so-so. I bought it for the occasions that I may need this with the iPhone in a non-Bluetooth equipped vehicle. We shall see how long this thing lasts.
The first set sent did not work in one ear plug, as soon as I mentioned the problem I had a replacement in 2 days.
One of them started to break apart a couple of days after I began using it and the other one had a broken right headphone right out of the package.
I loved the price. This was an actual purchase for a replacement pairs, and the quality is not as good as you would have paid for an actual pair at the apple store, seems you have to lift and speak right into the speaker when using the microphone as oppose to just talking normally but they definitely served my purpose as a replacement pair for my two teenagers. I would buy again for them,since they go through so many head microphones, but I wouldn't purchase for myself, because I use my iphone for business and would need the microphone to work normally. I also received it without any type of packaging, just a piece of tape to keep the cord together.
The first set had the sound very muffled. It was hard to hear. They sent another pair, which microphone didn't work. We finally got a third pair that seems to be working alright now, but it took two tries. Extremely annoying.
iDeal Accessories has not, to date, responded to my request to return the earphones for a refund or switch to the old version.  The new version of the earphones controls are unresponsive to my mini ipod and it is so frustrating given I purchased 3 pairs from them.  The sound is so low I forget its on and when I try to turn up the volume, NOTHING HAPPENS!!!!!  I've sent the request twice and they haven't even acknowledged me.  No bother, this will not happen again.
This product had the worst audio quality of any earphones I have ever owned. Don't buy this junk. I tried to contact the seller about it twice but did not receive any feedback whatsoever. DON'T BUY FROM THIS SOURCE!!!
I bought these from the Apple Store here in town after the pair of phones that came with my ipod (touch) broke, the sound quality seemed alright but not great.  The problem with them however was just overall shoddy construction, the phones barely held together and ultimately the jack snapped off after less than two months of ownership after being dropped about a foot and a half onto carpet.
This item had to have been defective. The remote only worked fine for two days after I received it. Then the headphones would activate voice control on its own, the songs would start skipping and all sorts of other things. I really don't think these are original Apple headphones.
This earphone is definitely not genuine apple earphone. It's made in cheap cord and makes a loud noise when you talk to someone by this earphone. Think about it.
Hi,  These head phones stink. I have never seen a product from Apple this bad. Are they even Apple; I don't think so. Don't buy these head phones. To be smart, spend the extra 15 bucks and buy it from Apple.com.
WORKS WELLL, THE MIC WORKS AS IT SHOULD. ASWELL AS IT WAS SHIPPED TO ME FAST BECAUSE I LIVE IN NEWYORK ASWELL
I initially bought these because I really wanted a microphone for my iPod touch, and the remote seemed like an added bonus. However, they arrived with the remote split in half. It snapped back together fine, and I ignored it despite the fact that I had to tape it together (it still worked). But within a few weeks, the cord cover ripped free of the plug, leaving exposed wiring. They continued to work fine, good audio quality, etc, until a month or so ago when the left earphone stopped working. Now I can only listen in the right ear or I have to stretch and bend the cord in odd angles to make the left earbud work. Definitely not worth the price. All I have to say is either they are a really bad knock-off or Apple has gotten cheap.
the headphones not are original are a copy, runs good with my iPod touch 4g but im angry because I payed more for these earphones, a good copy but if you love the original things of apple only with 15 bucks more you can buy the original, yes I can recommend it
More Apple-esque than Apple, I suspect.  One of the headphones crackles when the volume is loud. Knock-off earphones.  Beware.