very comfortable
It breaks in a week
I love these headphones! They always stay in my ears while running and have great sound quality. They were an excellent price too!
I really love the earpuds. I been using for the past two years with no any major issue. As student i through and put my earbuds everywhere, and still working great. As sound quality goes are fine. I mean you get what you pay for if you want something with very high quality then you have to aim for something more expensive
Best little ear buds around.
I bought a pair last month and it lost sound in one ear after a few days of use. POOR QUALITY!
worst earbuds ever they don't make sound hope the seller reads this
Not bad for only $10.
Love these head phones, went through the washer and still worked and sounded exactly the same. Would buy again
They work as expected.  For the price they are definitely worth the money.
I just bought them so I can't speak for the longevity of them. What I will say is that the sound is really impressive. Now remember we're talking about a under $10 product here so I'm not going to be that critical. As of late I base sound quality on how well something with reproduce NIN Hesitation Marks and do it respectfully for what they are. The only issue I had was I wish the cord was longer. I am 6'2 though.
This is great!
Purchased product in May.  I use during daily work out.  Worked well until September.  Previously had Panasonics at same price point and lasted one year.
they work great and provide good sound.  I did have an issue with one of the small buds missing that wouldn't be a problem except that's the size i needed.  Still the medium ones seem to work OK.  I was told when I called that there wasn't a way to send just one set to replace the missing one and I didn't want the hassle of returning all of it and reordering.  So I'll make do.
You can only critique a $10 product lightly...
Works good
The left speaker was blown out
Awsome, comfortable earbuds! No crackling, gotta love Sony...
Good quality inexpensive earbuds
love these - and price certainly right!
The headphones are very nice for the price.I can be very hard on headphones that I wear to work; I always seem to catch the cord on something and it rips them from my ear. Eventually they quit working; imagine that. I needed a headphone that was affordable enough to not cause me anxiety when I ruined them.These fit comfortably and have surprising sound. I would definitely buy these again.
Had a pair of these for almost 2 years before they fully gave out. I use these for my job (factory work) everyday, so they get a little bit of wear and tear, but I have purchased and gone through Skull Candies and various other expensive headphones and by far these headphones are amazing especially for $10! I would recommend these headphones to anybody looking for a good pair for work or anything else for that matter. Best $10 you will ever spend on headphones!
the left side of the earphone became malfunctioned after two weeks. not worth the price.
Very cheap good sound quality.  Remember if you want something extraordinary you have to pay more than usual
Don't waste your money.  I have used for a short time and one headphone does not work.  It doesn't work at all.  I am really disappointed.  I thought a Sony product would be of a good quality.
Nice headphones. Fit comfortably in ear and block out outside noise. Good for the price. Used to play with drumset and works well at allowing me to hear music while playing because it fits in ear good
Good sound quality.
good
at 20 days were not working
The left airbud doesn't work. I've waited a week for these...big disappointment.
very good for the price
I love the way these headphones fit in my ear but I've owned 4 pairs and they always break. Only one ear piece plays music which is so annoying! Happened to all 4 of them.
was shorting out.. was hoping for a better quality in a band new product..
The sound is warm and natural. But. Stopped working after two months of use.
I ordered 2 of these headphones and both of them came broken.
WOW! Fast delivery and product looked as advertised. Thank you!
There Very nice high quality earphones recommend this to someone that loves to listen to music all day.
Great sound and sturdy :)
great
A rock solid purchase every time I buy them. I have at least 3 pairs of these right now, one for travel, one around the house and another for my wife. I lost a fourth pair when my kid mangled them in the lawn mower. (grrrr... No pun intended).
After 2 weeks the left earbud quit working. Thumbs down. Not even sure if they're really a sony product.
Great product. Great price!
Great!
Good sound and comfortable. Reasonably priced!
Great!
The right ear piece ceases to function. This is the second set that it has done it to me. I do not know why but it is getting wearisome.
not good immediately not working waste money only
Just what I expected from a Sony product.  I work in a noisy environment and like how the rubber earpiece sits deep in my ears.  Nice full sound, top to bottom.  Don't know why the white ones are cheaper than the black ones, but it's the sound and fit that matter.
I'm not crazy about these earbuds. They're okay for $10, deliver the sound they're supposed to produce. The detail is that they feel cheap (they are) and you feel when something's gonna break soon. I've already noticed the left speaker occasionally looses connection to the jack somewhere along the cable.But if you're not active and only use them while sitting down, these earbuds are for you. Good noise canceling and ndecent sound.
The sound quality was great for the price, but one ear stopped working within six weeks of purchase! Also, the metal jack has some "give" where it connects to the cord.
Lasted less than two month. Right bud is silent now.
broke less than two months after I got them
Within a 5 year span I must have owned 4 pairs of these sony in ear headphones. I'm sure there are better headphones out there, but for the comfortibility and price these are very worth the buy.
sent back, junk. One channel did not work right out of the package. Sony was a good company
Very Good
I think it's best for the price and i always trust sony because they have one of the best quality products on market
Item is ok but just not the quality i expected. Need more Bass sound!
perfect
Only 1 bud worked, no sound out the left ear.
Good temporary earphones when you are in between good ones and don't have the immediate funds. Right bud has already gone out after about a month. Sound is OK, not good not bad.
Sound quality is pretty good but transducer dBSPL/mW output a little low.
They're headphones that produce reasonable quality sound. Not much more to say than that.
Good price. They worked great for over 7 months, but now the left earbud doesn't work.
The sound really surprised me. I'll definitely be getting another pair once these wear out.
I have used this earphone for two years. This is my second one. I like the design, clear and easy to figure out which one is R or L. I like the color, also.
Very comfortable, very clear for the price. I use them to listen to audio books, rather than music.
great product - great price
I bought them for backup headphones and when I pulled them out the left side didn't even work. I check the ends and the end connected to the 3.5mm jack was ripped. I purchased these a while ago and pulled them out yesterday!
Great quality.
I've had these for almost 2 years now & they're amazing. The sound quality is great & they've lasted me quite a while!! I highly recommend them.
OK
My right earbud has broken in 3 of my pairs
has sounds coming out of it what an amazing product
Best
High quality. however, one just stopped working in about 4 weeks. Not that big of a deal inexpensive. Consequently from now on i will purchase more expensive ear buds.
good daily headphones, the cords are easy to break thats why they only get 4 stars, but theyre so well priced you can easily by a replacement after a couple months.
I can only say that these ultra low cost ear buds give you a clear and airy representation of music when played on a phone or I touch. Pianos, vocals, drums, saxophones and guitars all sound like the true instruments. You don't have to pump the volume up to 10 either. If you like to hear the music played through earphones that make you feel like you are in the room with the artists when they are doing the recording , then you will enjoy these Sony 's. Whether you like  popular music or older rock and jazz.  I own many expensive headphones. Price means nothing. Trust me on that!..
i love the sound these deliver. I do find myself buying a new pair every 2-3 months since the wire within the cord tends to break but these are still the best bang for the buck I've found for sound vs daily use without breaking the bank.
excellent
I got these earphones and they didn't even work
A++++
These worked for about 11 months, then one earbud stopped working as numerous others have noted. Even though they are cheap, I expect a product from Sony to last. While they worked, the sound quality was pretty good for the price but may not offer value in the long-term. Skip these and find a better pair.
It broke 
great sound, different choices of color and earbud fits, quality earphones, long cord, too! :) i love them!
Good fit, good sound.
great
They broke after 1 week of use!!
Nice headphones , decent sound for the price. My only problem is it seems the volume is a bit low on it forcing you to turn up the volume on the device you are using.
Good sound for the money. L & R buds are marked plus angled inspited of what others have written.
Had them for a good two years, then one of the ear buds stopped working. A week after that, they broke all together. I am most certain that it was the flimsy cord, that was very small and thin, broke them. Average - good sound quality and were comfortable. Ear buds stayed in well, most of the time anyways. Buy if you do not use them roughly, and do not stuff them in your pocket.
Ordered these on the 10th, and the right ear bud completely died by the 30th. No bass what-so-ever. Just save your money.
the left side did not work at all. sent back to amazon. will not order these again.
Earphones had reasonably clear sound. For low end earphones, I don't think you could find better. Plugs and cording appeared adequate. I would recommend to a friend looking for low cost replacement earphones.
The in-ear headphones work and the price is right.
thanks so much ¡¡
Like many of the other reviews, the sound quality of these ear buds deteriorate after a few months of use. The left ear bud went out and the static it produces is actually painful on the ear drum. I used to own Skullcandy Inkd, but they tend to do the same thing. The quest for a functioning ear bud continues.
They work perfectly. And at a low price.
Wish they would last longer but what do you expect for the price.  Good soundquality and comfort.
The first time I ordered these headphone the right ear phone was own out. I was sent a new pair days later and within less than a month the left ear randomly stopped working from that pair!
I decided to write this review the moment the product started to defect.I purchases these earphones about 3 months ago and just recently, I noticed a defect. I've realized the volume was unbalanced, the left bud had a lower volume than the right bud.Before coming to the conclusion that it was the earphones itself, I made sure it wasn't the listening device that was causing the problem (PC, phone). Also during the investigation, I did not use any sources of sound that had the possibility of creating unbalanced volumes (music), instead I used the built in audio testing programs, which would produce a sound on each ear. Conclusively, I tested other headphones on the same devices and the volume came out perfectly even on both sides, while this earphone persisted to produce uneven volumes.So this is my review, it worked fantastically out of the box, but unfortunately this defect has put a stain on the product.
Somewhat uncomfortable with the sharp edges,
I get these about once every two months because they are cheap.  They only last that long for hard sweaty workouts every day.  I should probably splurge and get the more expensive sport ones, but at least if I lose these, no worries.  The sound quality is excellent, while they work.
Poor sound quality for music.  I ended up buying Apple EarPods.
Clear no matter the volume.  Does't fit my left ear perfect but certainly adequate for most people.
Love these, my ears are small so these are the only kind that don't hurt my ears after an hour of wear!
Don't buy. Really cheap. One ear bud already stopped working and I've only had them a week.
I really like these in-ear headphones because they cancel out a lot of noise, even if they're not actually noise-cancelling headphones. I also like how they offer 3 different ear bud sizes. Unfortunately, my first pair eventually broke after a year because the wires became exposed at the base, which eventually led to one ear losing sound. I bought another pair anyway because I like them a lot and none of my headphones ever seem to last very long.
These headphones are nice especially for the price. The sound is excellent they are not going to be super loud but they get the job done. Before buying these i had a used blue pair that i got from my cousin and those lasted me 2 years until the left headphone gave out. If you want durability these are the headphones your looking for ive accidently put them in the washer and they still work perfectly.
They didn't work...
Thanks
Fast shipping but I guess you pay for what you get.
I didn't buy these for sound quality, but to use with ear protecting ear muffs (large, over the ear design) while using my riding mower.  The ear muffs fit over them snugly and comfortably, which has not been the case with other in-ear headphones that have a longer hard plastic neck before the flexible wire starts.
These headphones does not even meet the minimum expectations you should have. They are flimsy , expensive in comparison and sound quality is average. A way better one and cheaper is this http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B003EM8008. Its stronger plays louder and when I'm finished writing this review I will be buying one again. I hope I've been helpful to you and goodbye
One side stopped working for no apparent reason after several months of light use.
I purchased this headphone for my wife to listen to music. It's comfortable and great sound for the price I paid.
Because of the price I thought they weren't going to be good headphones, but i like them, they are loud enough for me.
These are fair earbuds for the price. They are very comfortable for my ears, and stay in the ear nicely with how i wear them with the wire going up and over the top of my ear. I'm not picky about my earbuds and can't really say much on the finer points of sound quality, but I feel very satisfied with what I hear. My last pair fell apart after about 15 months of daily use - I started losing audio in one ear intermittently, and then one bud just fell to pieces one day. I have purchased a replacement pair of the same kind, and feel like $10 is a good deal for another 15 months.
product was as described
STANDARD
great product, just what i expected
Good product
Great bass from these earphones. My right earbud just blew out, but I love these earphones so much im buying another pair.
I have mixed feelings about these headphones.I picked a pair of these up because I didn't want to use my Denon AH-C551 as my daily driver when I commute back and forth from work since the cable is way too long and would get caught all over the place.I looked for an alternative and ended up picking up  a pair of the EX10's Mid March since I had a gift card and the price was reasonable. I used them mon-friday about 2 hours each day mainly during my commute.It's now August 5th and it has lost sound on the left ear bud.  It lasted about 5 months give or take.I didn't abuse these and when not in use I put them in a small pouch inside my backpack so that it doesn't get crushed or tangled.Now is this normal ?  earbuds lasting about half a month?  I'm guessing maybe that's the reason why these come with only a 90 day warranty?  I always thought most new electronics came with a 1 year warranty.Anyhow, these for the price sound pretty good.  As long as your ears are sealed with the earbuds you'll get plenty of bass too.  I had no problems with the sound quality from google music using these ear buds and sounded way better than what came with my phone.The biggest negative for me is that these don't last.  Only has a 90 day warranty from Sony.  That's not really standing by their product.Granted it's about 10-15 bucks.Biggest positive would be that it's inexpensive and sound is noticeably better than oems that come included with the phone.  these are also light and comfortable.Would I get another pair of these?  I'm not sure.  I certainly wouldn't pickup just one if I were to repurchase I'd get a backup pair as a just in case.If not I'd probably spend a bit more and get a better set of buds.
a bargain
I purchased these on vacation when my old earbuds broke. They were very affordable so I gave them a shot. I mix sound and use a pair of $300 Sennheiser studio headphones so it takes a lot for.earbuds to impress me. The sound quality of these earbuds was superb. Rich powerful bass, bright highs and crisp vocals. My advise.is throw away your Skullcandy and don't waste money to buy Beats. These are awesome not just for the price but because they sound great! I've had mine for two years now with no problems and use them every day.
My wife really liked these just fine. However, she loved the Panasonic RPHJE120D's I bought in the same price range and replaced them immediately. They are not bad at all, but there are definitively better in-ear products in this price range.
i had a pair previously that lasted quite a while, I just ordered a new pair,  this pair was not good, just a few days after I started using it the right ear bud just stopped working. I am going to go back to headphones.
I expected them to last a bit longer than 2 months. There's no sound in one of the headphones :(
love em
For the money these are hard to beat.  They isolate noise quite well, I use them riding atv's and snowmobiles.  They don't protrude out from your ears, much so you can wear a helmet with them.  I'm pretty hard on them, but they hold up very well.  First pair I had lasted about 5 years, but I tore the wires off on something, I just don't remember what. These also don't have any vent holes so you don't get air noise through them like some others.  This is great if you ride an atv without a helmet.  Oh, and I think they sound great too.  I don't know what others are talking about when they say they don't have much bass.  Mine have always sounded great with my Sansa Clip.
Love this gadget.  Stay in my ears much better and the sound is great.  Carry them with me wherever I go.  I recommend these earbuds to any and everybody who likes hands free communication or listening to your favorite music while you exercise.
Package was opened and one earbud did not work
Good and surprisingly more robust than some other expensive ones.
Awesome, service was great and the product is just excellent!
These are holding up super well despite constantly snagging them on barbells, getting them yanked out by my dogs, dropping my phone and pulling it back up by the cord, etc. For the price, they have great sound and are seemingly very durable. I am always losing the little rubber things but these came with extra and somehow I've not managed to lose any of them yet. I have tiny ears and they fit snugly and don't fall out no matter how much I sweat.
Exactly what we needed.
break within a week
What can I say- they're headphones- they work well...
good for 6 months then stopped working
Love them over the standard ipod headphones. Great for the gym.
great thank you, also sonamp3 love it
I won't complain that they broke, I've had this product before and I know they don't last long. If your looking for something durable, these aren't it. If your looking for headphones that are cheap and have decent sound go ahead and get them.
Went out in s month.
Left earbud stopped working after a week and a half. The last time I bought the headphones, they worked for a greater part of the year. It was really disappointing to see one of my favorite and simple headphones break so quickly. However, the sound quality was good while it lasted.
I love em.  As good as bose and a lot cheaper
bad
These sounded really good but after a couple weeks the left ear bud broke.
it works
good job thanx
I've had a few pairs of these and I considered them good quality until...the one I have now has only one ear working...the left one stopped working shortly after my second use.Since they are considered a little bit more pricier than other earphones, I won't buy these anymore.Incredibly disappointed.
I like the fact that these ear buds block out most of the ambient noise (not sure how they compare to noise canceling or noise isolating ear buds). So far, the sound in general has been crisp, the bass has been deep, and the highs clear.The cord seems to be quite thin, and easily breakable. I have no idea how long the cord will last.Overall, I would recommend these earbuds. If they broke, I would definitely get another pair.
Very nice looking stereo headphones.
the sony sound is really excellent. a top sound in earbud headphones. i have gone through so many that were cheaper and they sounded muffled and lower quality. these are a great price too. very very affordable
love em, will buy more
Great ear buds for the price, they are very comfortable and produce a good sound.
Lasted 1 month. Only one side works.
First day and theyre already messed up.
The first I had was broken too fast, Hoping being lucky this time.
Best ear buds I've had!  Comfortable when wearing on long walks and running.
Pretty good
works great
great sound and good value
I'm picky about earbuds.  I find many of them uncomfortable.  I like the Sony ones the best.
great price and sound
They sound great and they came sooner than expected
its good
They stay in when I'm running or cycling at the gym, which means they do everything I need them to!
I love Sony products. These head phones are crisp and clear.
Great product.
these fall out of my ears all the time.  I wouldn't recommend them.
Used them for about 2.5 weeks before the right ear bud stopped working. Extremely lightly used, left them sitting on my desk all the time unraveled i.e. not in a pocket or wrapped around anything. Highly disappointed with the product quality, would not recommend.
These are decent headphones for their price; I've always been a fan of Sony products and am quite satisfied with these phones.
good for the money.  Jim Tavegia
Only 1 pair of headphones worked.
Very comfortable earbuds with good quality sound, but after just about one month of use the right earbud no longer transmits sound - - completely silent!  After tinkering with it for quite a bit, I think it's just defective.  Makes me hesitant to buy another pair because it seems the same thing could easily happen (I've had this problem with other Sony earbuds, but after a longer period of time, at which point the cost of buying a new pair didn't matter so much).  Avoid these if you can.
These are comfortable to wear for several hours, have great sound and fit well.  I felt that the price made these a good value.
One headphone is louder than the other other than that they work as they should. Not as good quality as my older Sony headphones of the same model.
Great fit for smaller ear openings!
Work great.
These headphones are very durable. I wear them almost everyday whether to listen to music, watch movies/shows, or to work out in. They have a great sound quality and aren't bulky whatsoever.The only thing I'd say about this is the black casing around the jack (part where the headphones plug into my iPod) is slipping down the wire and the wiring is exposed. However, electrical tape fixed it in two minutes.I highly recommend this product.
I purchased these to replace Apple's iPod Shuffle headphones, which I use for running. These are not good for running--they form a tight seal in your ear which blocked all sound and airflow, creating pressure in my head. I also thought the cord felt cheap.
Sounds A lot better then all my other ones. I went back and bought another pair because my baby used it as a teethen toy.
Not excellent, but great, the sound is good. I bought another's sony, and they was better than these one.
Perfect for sound and comfort.
Excellent product. Excellent service!!
Great headphones
They are comfortable and do a good job when I use them.They have a problem I haven't found an answer for.That is the entangling that takes place when they are stored.
Good quality at an affordable price.
Initially of a lesser quality than my old earbuds, really tinny and lacking bass, but I was able to mess around with my computer's audio settings enough to band-aid the problem. They're worth the low price for computer use if you're willing to mess with settings for 15 minutes to get the bass up to par.
These ear buds stopped working after only one month, I would not buy these again.  the quality of them did work great when working
The best cheap earbuds you can buy
These headphones a great if they work  they last about 2 to 3 weeks then one of the ear buds will stop working.  DON'T waste your money
Good.
Great value
Excellent product! Just as described!
I couldn't hear out of one of the earbuds just 2 days after I opened the package. Extremely disappointed
Very nice product. I LOVE IT !
This is the second pair in a row to stop working after a few months of occasional use.  Once I figured was a fluke but two times suggests they are just pieces of crap.
I used these three times and the left ear bud has already stopped working.
Worked so far up until the point they accidentally got ran through the washer + dryer. They lasted about 3 months but i'm sure these would've lasted much longer than that. Sound quality was average. A decent set for the price.
Headphones arrived one week ago, I've only used them twice and already one earbud has stopped working.  That's 10$ in the trash.
Loved it
Poor quality, definitely got what I paid for. They will break after a couple months.
I liked the product.
My roommate have the same one. This ones doesn't sound like them.
They may sound nice for a while, but don't be fooled. They WILL break.
All as expected
Fast shipment!!! Great item!!!
sound quality --okay
Love them
I HATE THIS PIECE OF S*** IT BROKE IN ABOUT A MONTH AND I HAD TO GET NEW EARBUDS, DONT BUY THEM!!!
I liked them. They work. Alittle ugly but thats fine as they do what they say they do. I would recommend them to anyone for a cheap ear bud
The sound is terrible, need I say more. Huge disappointment after purchasing these to replace a prior pair of Sony headphones that sounded great and lasted 5+ years
I have owned better quality headphones, but for 10 times the price of these. For the price, they are great quality headphones. One of the best values I have found.
I have these at the office and keep a pair at home for traveling. Great for when my work requires me to watch video and I don't want to disturb coworkers. Music sounds good. Can't beat the price.
The base in the left side speaker is completely blown, I have to have the volume turned way down just so I don't hear how horrible it sounds.
Love these.  Sound is wonderful, too.Like how L had a braille dot on it so you can figure which ear is what in the dark.Amazon reviews convinced me to pick these and they did good.
Really great earphones for the price. The cable is kinda thin. But seems durable. Great sound quality and bass. Love them
I don't know if there's a quality issue of late, but these haven't been lasting long at all.  The 1st pair I had lasted a long time, with a lot of use.  Eventually, the wire just got worn, and there was intermittent sound.  But like quite a few of the other recent comments have stated, my last 2 pairs have seen the right bud go out after about a month of use.  Because of the price, and the fact that it's difficult for me to find buds that fit nicely (I have to use the small fittings); I pretty much like these.  And I've been pleased with the sound quality as well.  But it's a pain to keep having to replace them.
works great, surprisingly clear quality considering the price. i initially bought it as a spare set but considering the quality i now use it as my main pair
These earbuds lasted for about 2 weeks and the the left earbud stopped working. You always get what pay for. Spend a little more.
I go through ear bugs like candy. These Sony ear bugs have held up better than any I have tried and they sound great.
I'm very happy with the sound quality of these headphones. Obviously, they aren't luxury ear buds with crystal clear sound, but I think they're very good for the price.
Arrived defective, Right ear sounds great, left ear is whisper soft.  For $10 not worth finagling with seller for replacement and associated return process/costs. Maybe a SONY problem anyway.
these broke after two days the jack snapped off for no apparent reason. Would never buy these again considering they are not great for sound anyway.
These are solid earbuds and I loved them at first but I've gone through 4 pairs and I'm abandoning these junk earbuds, I expected better quality from sony. First one side stops working and then the the next. Save your money and buy a more expensive and durable pair of earbuds or you'll end up with piles of earbuds across the house like I did.
I really liked these earbuds. Great value, it sounds great, not very durable though when they encounter a vacuum cleaner!
Good product with a nice length on the cord. I expected a good product from Sony and this is just that.
One side stopped working after ~1 month of normal use. Could be an issue with the connection. Sound quality while it was working was average at best. Don't Waste your money.
After six weeks of light use, the right headphone stopped working. I wouldn't buy these again as they break too fast.
It is really comfortable! love the tips they fit comfortably! overall quality of sound is also good considering the price :D
They feel nice and quality seems ok, i wish i could compare sound quality too, but i could not: they came in a non-working condition.
Out of the package, only the right side of the earphones worked (the left emitted no sound). I opened the package after the factory warranty of 90 days (I didn't need it until my old pair broke), so I contacted Sony customer service. In order to get it replaced I would have to pay for a service charge (Sony representative did not know how much this would be) and the cost to ship it to the replacement factory in Texas, which would have been more than the headphones cost in the first place. Poor product, watch out!
These are amazing earbuds.  They were purchased to replace the ill fitting apple ipod earbuds.  What makes them great is that they have a 90 degree 3.5 mm connector which has kept the wires from prematurely getting bent, broken or failing like my first replacement earbuds suffered.I've taken these things everywhere in those three years.  I literally have them in my ears most of the time at work, when I run several times a week, jand even outdoors in the cold and rain.  They've been dropped, tugged, smacked and handled roughly but they are bomb proof!I think I paid $15 dollars for them and they have been an amazing investment.  The different earbud inserts makes it great to fit to your ear.  I'm just stunned that an easily breakable item has lasted so long.After all this extreme torture test they are finally in need of replacement.  One of the buds is loosing signal, but I can't blame it.  I've not been gentle with these things and just used them expecting them to fail.  I don't think I'll ever throw them away just to remind me what a great product they were.  :)
They are better than some but not as good as others. Works for me to listen to stuff at work.
I got these to replace a pair of Earbuds that were no longer consistently working.  I'm very pleased.  The price was great and the sound quality is excellent.
For the price, they seemed like high quality headphones (and I'm not about to pay $40 for Apple Earbuds). But after a few months of semi-regular use, one side inexplicably stopped working. A few days later, the other one went too. Yeah they're cheap, but I expected better results than that!
This is the worst thing I have ever used. sure, it feels nice and everything, but the quality of this is unbelievable. It breaks like no other. This is going to be my third pair in 6 months, and I do not use this thing like toilet paper. Clearly, there are some major design flaws.
I'm not really picky about sound quality, but this product was so poor, I had to say something.  I ended up tossing these guys out.  I just couldn't bear it!  Even though these guys were incredibly cheap, I feel that they were a waste of money and time.  Sony should be ashamed!
These are much better than the skullkandy headphones you will normally encounter in a retail store. Sony makes wonderful cheap earbuds like these, which is great if you need something that will give you good sound for cheap. Now of course you won't be getting thumping bass, but if you get a decent enough seal, you will be decently surprised about the bass you can get from these little affordable headphones. Overall, I am satisfied with my purchase. And I will buy again if I ever need to replace one of my cheap headphones.
I expected better from Sony. These headphones have a continuous background buzz that isn't there with other models. They also need an in-line volume control.
The jack doesn't make adequate contact so you have to do a LOT of maneuvering to get a good feedback. Tried it on three devices and had the same issue on each.
Sony's frequency range is always the highest when I look for headphones.  These are my favorite ear phones model on the market.
These are really good quality and a good buy.... The only problem was that shortly after I bought them, they started coming apart at the joint on the wire.
I work in front of a computer for 10 hrs a day. Not a fan... they hurt my ear and the sound quality is terrible
He says they block out the loudest sounds around him. They are not expensive so he's not worried if something happens to them. This is his 2nd pair. He uses them every day on the noisy buss and noisy trolley
These headphones have such great sound I feel like the singer is singing directly into my ear. I definitely recommend this to anyone and everyone.
These are the only ear buds I will buy. They cancel out the other noise, they have good bass and they are a great price. Love them.
poor quality and box was opened, not sure if it was used before, not what I expected from a Sony product
I received Sony MDREX 10LP/BLK In-Ear Headphones on time.  The headphones did not have much volume when plugged in and they shortly broke and you could hear only from one side of the earphones.
I've gone through three pairs of these.  They sound pretty decent, but they don't seem to last that long.  The most recent pair stopped working in the right ear after about 2 weeks...
I bought 2 pairs and they both lost sound in one ear after very little use. They seem to be of the poorest quality.
One earbud was dead inside of a month.  I use them for about 4-6 hours a day, 5 days a week while at work and they couldn't even last the first four weeks.
I haven't had any problem with these. They seem very strong, becasue I have put them through the ringer and they still work. These are a great buy.
... but you get what you pay for.I've been through way too many expensive headphones... and just decided to get a few of these to leave in my bag, home, etc.  This way I can always have in-ear headphones when I need them.The quality of sound is WAY better than I imagined for the price.  But having had them for a short time,  they are starting to malfunction.But for the price?  So what.  LOL
They are great quality and give great sound. They are perfect for an everyday avid music listener like myself. Amazing!
Used these once while exercising. I went to use them again and they had stopped working. I would contact seller to have them replaced, but resolved to use other headphones for the future.
I bought these mainly to use while mowing my lawn. I didn't want to risk damaging my good Sennheiser over the ear headphones so I looked for a cheap earbud instead.  I'm not going to compare them to my Sennheisers, because they're completely different headphones.  My first problem with these earbuds is that the cord is not long enough. I'm 6'3" and they barely reach the side pocket of my work shorts. I can move my phone to my front pocket and that helps a little, but this isn't my preferred place for my phone. My second problem with these earbuds is that they're just not loud enough. I wear them to drown out the drone of my lawnmower and they don't do a good job of that.I gave these earbuds 3 stars because they were cheap and while I wasn't expecting much, I did expect better. One plus is that they aren't very loud so I don't worry about them causing ear damage to my 9 year old daughter when she's listening to Kids Bop on her IPod.
I was intent on ordering a different brand based on recommendations and reviews from Amazon.  I got these at a local store and actually prefer them to my original.  They're not incredibly bassy, but they're the most transparent sounding earphones I've heard in a long time, and after listening to some other bass-enhanced 'phones, I think I prefer these more.  I'd give it five stars if I had them longer, but I can't comment yet on durability.
Thes are exactly what I expected.  They are a great buy for the money.  I would recommend them for casual listening.
This product comes with replaceable rubber pieces to customize the fit, which is great because many other competitive products don't fit my ear well.  Great price for very good sound.
Nice for I-Pods, laptops, phones, and any other portable devices. Lightweight, and the lack of volume control is no big deal.
Have ordered twice and happy with purchase.  Keep in several spots for easy finding when I need them.  Good reproduction and while these are not top line these are the best I've found for the $ spent.  Will purchase again.
Like others have mentioned, these quit on you, just about 30 days after you buy them, in just one ear.I've now owned two pairs of these headphones to keep at my desk at work and plug into my phone/tablet while working.  Maybe on average used 3-4 hours a day.With each pair, the right side has quit working.  The first pair, the audio just got more and more faint.  The second pair, just today, I was listening to a podcast, paused it, walked away and came back and nothing out of the right side.  100% dead.  Nada.Yes, they're cheap, because I don't want to keep expensive buds or cans at work.  But I don't think I should be replacing them on a montly basis either as if they're disposable.Sony, such a disappointment.
I GUESS YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. THESE ARE WELL WORTH THE MONEY AND WORK GREAT. I USE THEM ON MY BIKE RIDE EVERY DAY AND THEY SEEM TO WITHSTAND THE OCCASIONAL ACCIDENTAL PULLS.
No reliable at all.  Look for something else. There are good deals in the same price.  Apple headphones are clearly superior to Sony's.
With todays smart phones it's nice having volume control on the headphone cord. These not only lack that feature but they aren't very loud at full volume they are still a bit too quiet. I wish I had just spent more and got some nicer ones.
I bought these earbuds about a week ago and they came broken after about a week of usage neither of the buds let out any music. I thought that I could trust Sony to give me a good and trusting product but that did not happen
I had previously bought a pair of white ones for listening to music at work.  I bought that pair in early 2012 and they are still kicking.  I enjoyed the white pair so much i had to buy another pair so i bought black for at the gym so they don't turn gray over time from sweat.  I have used many different ear-buds in the past but they all seem to die in under a year so for this pair to last over 2 years and still work perfect is unbelievable for me.I really enjoy the simplicity of these.  They are short that they do not bother your ears one bit.  Other brands are too big or long and will rub against your ear causing irritation.  They also sound great for ear-buds and for $10 are you kidding me???!?  My dad has a pair of the Bose in-ear headphones for like $100 and I can barely tell the difference not to mention if i lose these on an airplane i wont cry for a week.Seriously all i can say is BUY THESE NOW.  There is always a chance with any product that you will get a dud but remember that Amazon has a superb return policy.
I paid only $8.98 for these Sony earbuds here at Amazon and I must say the sound is big, bass is damn fine, and there are three sizes of silicone earpieces so it will fit all ears. For the price, these earbuds can't be beat. There are more expensive earbuds, but I'm a poor girl and quite frankly I feel I got the best earbuds in the world for only $8.98!!!
What can I say? They are Sony, they are perfect length. So many are to short. I use them while working every day and I don't have any issue with my head being jarred when I turn my head or anything. I've had that issue with so many other pairs. They seem long enough where I can turn around, move to my trash can, the other side of my desk, etc. I hook them right into my monitor on my desk. They do seem to really suction in my ears and I really can't hear anything at all going on around me. These are as good or better then some of the more expensive ones I've bought. Don't waste your money on more expensive ones. These are great quality.
looks cheap but sound quality is good. good for the people who needs small ear buds. will not last longer.
I used it for one mouth stopped working in the right one, at the base of it the wire started to come out of it, i will not be buy them again.
for the price and size, the headphones deliver great quality sound, including high and low octaves. A great upgrade for headphones included with your smart phone or other music playing device, without the premium 3 figure price tag.
These are great to help time pass at the gym. They've got good clarity, are comfortable, and aren't too expensive.
My son ordered these.  He said the sound was great.  He was very pleased with this product.  I guess it would help if he could keep them from going through the wash.
I purchased two of these 2 year ago for mothers day and they still sound like the first time. You cant go wrong with these its a must, especially when cheap headphones like skull candy don't do it. if your headphones constantly brake or spontaneously lose the sound on one side this is the product for you.These are amazing quality you wont regret.
He bought a way more expensive brand before and after those stopped working, I was very happy he picked such a cheap alternative. They must work just fine because he has never complained. This is the second pair we get. They're cheap so they won't last forever but will last long enough to not feel badly about having to replace them.
My son uses these ear phones on the bus to and from school.  I know they are cheap, but they broke so quickly that it was a total waste of money.  The wire pulled right off the end.
Nice, the color hides it when I am at work... :)I will consider to purchase more, it has great sounds and base and it camouflages when I use it at work.
They worked great for 4 months that I owned them, and then the right ear bud went dead.  I guess that's what I get for buying cheap headphones!
these were really good ear buds when i first got tem but after a while the left earbud broke so yeah they don't last too long
Being a Sony aficionado all my life, I can only but accept its decline. This earphones just suck. I have another from Samsung and the difference is just abismal. Well good enough for the giant fallen. Live the new
These ear buds provide a pretty good quality sound reproduction.  I have a set of Bose over-the-ear headphones which produce a very good sound quality, but they get uncomfortable after awhile.  These ear buds fit pretty well and are fairly comfortable.  Have not yet tried them on a flight.  My Bose are not sound-deadening and the airplane noise is quite noticeable.
light use and theyre already trash, right side went out for no apparent reason.  i used them maybe once or twice a week, no more than 10 times.. complete garbage... these are trash. do not buy these.
I typically go through a set of ear buds about every 6 months. I keep them at my work desk and use them to listen to music or pod casts while I work. These ear buds fit my ears very well and the sound quality is good. We will see how long they last...
I wanted a pair of earbuds to take to the gym so I could listen to podcasts while I work out. These are plenty loud enough, and sound pretty good. They also come with extra ear-rubber things to fit in your ear, in case you have small or large ear canals. (I loved this because I use a medium in my left ear and a large in my right.)I can't speak to the music quality, but for podcasts these work fine. I've had them for two weeks so far.
Ordered for my wife and she really likes them. Listens to her baseball team on her little radio and loves the ear buds.
I have bought two of these in the last year. On both sets, the right earphone slowly dies until it is completely dead. Not the old Sony I used to know.
I bought them because i needed a new pair and i didn't have the money to buy a fancy ones, but instead how cheap they are, their sound is just great. The cord is thin and you think you'll break them in a week but nope, they are quite good.
Served their purpose as a gym headphone. They were extremely cheap near Christmas. I would recommend to any non audiophile looking for some basic-inexpensive headphones.
These Sony's are very clear!! For those that want to compare them to Beats or Skullz, for under $10, you really can't go wrong.
I used to order Sony's "Sweet Little Buds" but they have been discontinued and these are apparently the replacement. The sound quality is really pretty good for the money. For less than $10 you really can't complain.  I really have a problem with the way these fit. They are just a little too big for my ear canal, making me feel like they are going to pop out most of the time. Even using the smallest of the earbuds, they aren't comfortable.
I'm very reckless with my headphones. Tons of them had wiring break, and sound stopped, or one of them stops working suddenly. But these are wonderful. They wrestle in my pockets, bend at unreasonable angles, and transition from below zero to room temperature just fine. I've only ever had a problem with the wiring once, and I lost my last ones because I accidentally decapitated the left one when it got caught on the door while running out of the house really fast.The quality is great for what you pay. I'm not much of an audiophile, and don't know much of the vocab, but I'm very satisfied.I've bought these three times; I just keep coming back!
I bought it because price was so reasonable and it really proved my expectations. good quality and sound. totally love it!
Inexpensive, reliable earbuds.  Fit just fine and no need to spend more money on goofy bright colored ones, standard little headphones.
Well, it was fine until one of the earphones, the right side, died. We all know we can't just use one side or it will throw you off balance, especially if you use this while you're running or working out on machines at the gym. I had to throw it out. Waste of money. I expected a lot better from Sony.
4th pair within a year you  might ask... Is this guy a masochist?..Well,  i think is only fair that I go buy new ones &  return the old ones instead of dealing with an inconvenient warranty claim...  They sound like $15 Earbuds..  I gave two stars because how comfortable they are.. On the scale of 0-5... a 2 in sound,  1 in construction,  5 in comfort..I wouldn't expect bose,  yamaha,  okio sound,..  But again their durability left much to be desired...  Pass not a buy...
I usually have good experiences with sony products, but I purchased these in February of 2014 and they were broken by mid April of 2014. One ear started to sound muffled and distorted, then stopped working altogether. I regret purchasing this product.
The headphones only worked well for few weeks then one side of the earphones broken. Meaning it's not balance the sound well.
For the price of these you can't beat 'em. I've had 3 other pairs, this one my husband uses. He hasn't complained so I'm guessing he likes them. He uses them at the gym, lifting and running. They seem to do their job just fine! (mine do, which is why I got him these)
Provide good sound, however get too much rubbing noise through the cable regardless of any activity i'm doing. Recommend other options if you are active and would rather here music than "whoosh" sounds when you move.
I like these earphones because they are durable and don't come out of the ear easily.  I would definitely purchase them again.
Didn't work right from the start. All trebbile, no base. Sounded like the chipmunks. The free ones from the library had a much better sound quality and fit.
Great for most phones, a kindle, and other devices. this is a great product that I would reorder if I needed a new one.
Great price but the sound quality wasn't what I was looking for, maybe I just got a bad pair, but the right side want as loud as the left side and it bothered me greatly, but still a decent pair of earphones
Bought these new ear buds for my 16 year old granddaughter and she loves them.  As a young woman of color, she really appreciates them blending into her hair and body color - versus the stark white ones that stand out.  I have a pair and love the soft plastic earpieces - I often forget I have them in.  The price was $5 less than our local store and we received them in 2 days!!!
can't beat the price for the performance small compact and can be worn under ear muffs very strong construction and light weight
They came in with the outer shell of the right headphone cracked even though the packaging was intact and sound only comes out of the left side. I know these were cheap but I expected better. Honestly, I would like either a refund or a new set of headphones because the ones I got were broken and defective.
they lasted for a while and are pretty cheap. i always buy headphones online. its the easiest way to get quality ones, plus you cant go wrong with sony.
I use to buy this earphone in Walmart, they worked just fine, not bad quality but a bit too pricey at 15 dollars, they went out after 9-10 months which I find reasonable.I decided to order the same ones from amazon, because of the prime shipping thinking they were the same but it wasn't at all! These earphones are defective, only the right ear phone is louder than the left. It makes the sound experience very one sided rather than complete on both ears. very bad buy, I think they are sending only defective earphones... Do not buy this
I thought the earphones would be more sturdy than they are. They hurt the inner part of my ear and it is hard to keep them in place. It is especially difficult when I'm running. The description of the product made it seem like they were ideal, but they were not.
These were a replacement for the Panasonic RPHJE120K In-Ear Headphones that died about a year and a half of use.I used these for about a month, when both sides completely stopped working. The sound quality is all right, and the cord is a bit thin. One side stopped working completely after about two weeks, then the other side died a few weeks later (note that I take good care of my earphones/headphones).My recommendation: Panasonic RPHJE120K In-Ear HeadphonesThese earphones beat these cheap Sony earphones by a mile, AND they're cheaper. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
MDREX10LP/BLK In-Ear Headphones  - The quality is excellent especially for the low price.The headphone dosent slip out during running,Noice cancelling is great when i very noisy environments.
One of the buds no longer works after two months of use.  Can't return it past the 30 day window.
Because I really like them and they have good sound quality, and last a really long time, really love them
I really have no idea why this babe broken in only 3 month.....I always be so nice to my ear headphones (my last one lasts for 4 years!)
I'm an earbuds kind of person, and I don't like spending a lot of $$$ on headphones. These work great, fit comfortably inside my ears, and are well priced. Nothing groundbreaking here, but a solid sound repro experience.
I bought this headphones around a month back, and I am very satisfied with its quality.Design is really good, comes with extra ear-buds of different sizes, and the most important is ..sound quality is really good (I mean compared to other ones in this price range).The only thing it lacks is microphone, which would have made it ..the best combination.But still I love it.
They worked great for the one day I had them. Don't leave in your pocket and let your wife put them in the washing machine. They no longer work at all.
Under technical, it says microphone, but there is not one. Very dissapointed in this because it was the only reason I bought them.
I specified that I wanted to order a brand NEW pair of headphones paying a few dollars more than the "used-like new" ones.  When I received the item it came in what looked like new but the package was open at the top and the right headphone was blown out.  I'm not upset about the price, just upset that they shippend me a used item when I ordered a new one.
Update:  We got these on the March 15, 2014 and had to get them ready for return on April 5, 2014 because the left side earbud stopped working.My 17 yr old is happy with these headphones and likes the fact they ship with different size ear pieces because she needed the small size.  She says they sound good and that says a lot coming from her.  The earbuds also come with a 90 day limited warranty.
These headphones put out great sound and also stay put in your ears unlike the other kinds of headphones that you stick in your ears. They are also very comfortable!
not enough bass but its ok for now and the wire doesn't make that static noise when rubbing against your clothes
Fluid and with quality, fit and sound in the ears, good headset for the suggested retail price. My brother liked it
I've bought 2 sets of these now, one for home, one for work.  They're awesome.  They come with 3 different sized buds that can be interchanged, the cord is maybe 4' long.  It's thin, it wouldn't hold up to a lot of tugging or anything like that, but I work a desk job, so these are great for the price.  They produce enough (but definitely not an over abundance of) bass and seem to sound really clear.  They're very comfortable in the ear, and the left one even has a little nubbin so that you can tell which is which without having to look at the "L" and "R" printed on them.
They didn't give me a good headphones. It was not working and it came n a plastic cover. It didn't have factory sealing or warranty card or even ear buds.
Not work well, just listening for headset. pretty bad product, I'm sure the headphones are not branded sony. the volume in the headphones diminishes with passing seconds
I love these and my daughter loves them too.  She prefers eating the rubber ear pieces off of them instead of listening through them but hey, to each their own and you can order more ear cushions for cheap on amazon.
Good price and good quality.  I use these at work and have no complaints. I'd recommend these if you need some basic earphones.
I love the sound on these headphones. It is crisp, clean, and loud. I've had these for a few months now without any issues. They come with different size rubber buds which is great. They can sometimes get irritating in your ears but I haven't found a pair of earbuds that hasn't done that to my ears yet.For this price, I would definitely recommend these earbuds.
I've bought 4 pairs of these headphones sound great and have good bass. My only gripe is that the 3rd pair I got broke after a couple weeks. The wires came out of the insulation where it connects to the jack and only worked if you held them in the right spot. All my other pairs lasted me much longer though
Always can use a backup set so I bought one of the best ones on the market ! Can not wait for the ridding  season to begin, ridding in a state of Bliss !
its good but when put it heat the earbuds wont work.but they are still good with bass good must buy.
I very much enjoy these and have purchased them multiples times in the past since my kids always run off with mine.  Highly recommended!
My 13 year old enjoys these for a couple of months and then they quit working.  At first the sound was great, she liked them but when they stop working after only a couple of months I have to say they aren't that great
crappy. the cord got messed up after 4 weeks and the quality of the sound suffered. If they lasted longer then they'd be good.
The cable, however, seems bound and determined to curl up and tangle itself no matter how much time I leave them hanging (my preferred method of straightening cables).  I'm thinking about ironing it because it's just that annoying.
These aren't going to blow you away but they are decent headphones and about as good as it gets at this price point. If you have a tendency to lose or break headphones, these are a great choice.
I was a little disappointed in these headsets.  I found the sound quality wasn't very good.  I was expecting better sound from a Sony.
Csn fit these into the ear tightly so they stay in.  I have small ear canals too.Quality is ok.
Stopped working after one week's use, terrible quality
Amazing value and the buds feel so comfortable in my ears. These are great, and I may just get a second pair as a backup for my drawer in the office!
i had these same headphones in black before and comparatively these white ones have a stiffer cord and tinnier sound, but theyre still decent.
I use these at work, it keeps the noise from others around me out and I only hear the music.  They are comfortable to wear all day long.
I thought these head phones would be like all the other head phones but they are not they actually work really well...
These broke after about a month of periodic use while at the gym. I expected something longer last even for the 15 dollars I paid at walmart.
Great fit and sound. Doesn't fall out while doing strenuous activity and solidly built. Can't go wrong with these Sony buds.
Excellent sound quality in these!  My last two purchases were JLab and Panasonic, in a similar price range, and I ended up throwing them away since I had to cut up the packaging to actually try them out and couldn't return them.
Broke after 2 days of use. Very cheap quality. I thought Sony would have at least made a slightly better product, but they didn't.
I went running with these maybe 5 times and then the left ear piece stopped working. will not be buying this model again.
I have many pairs of these earbuds. For the price you can't go wrong, they are sturdy and they sound great.
I bought this for my husband and he loved the gift. But didn't work for a week too and ended up in garbage.
I use these when I work out and the sound quality is good and they stay in my ears really well.
I bought a pair of these at Best Buy. I'm not a sound connoiseur, but for basic music needs, this is probably a good pair.The purchase came with different sets of rubber buds. The default was a "medium" size as pictured. There were also small and large sizes.The only cavet I've had with these is that the rubber buds seem to fall off the earphones. I've actually lost the medium and small sets because of this, and am forced to use the large set. The large sets are fine, but because they're too big for my ears, they tend to slip out.These lasted me for a year and a half.
these darn headphones stopped working after 3 weeks never buying them again!! It was a waste of my money and I am not at all happy!!!
just saying these headphones last for ever. I had the same headphone set for a year now and its amazing. Sound is great and same for quality. I recommend this headphones. its the best out there for only 10 dollars
These were cheaply made and have bad sound quality. Invest in something better not this crap!!!!!!!!!! They broke within a month
The music sounds great, but the left one stopped working slightly after 6 months. That was fixed buy adjusting earphone sound in my Settings (I have the iPod 4), but then the other stopped working completely the month after.. and then it just stopped working completely.
I have been a huge fan of these headphones because of the sound you get for the price. However, I do want to point out that these headphones will very quickly stop working because the cable connection to the ear bud easily can came loose . I would go running with this headphones and one accidental tug and I found myself with one ear bud no longer working. If you are an active person that may tug on on the cable dont buy these and spend more for higher end headphones. If you are just a casual listener that will use these while being inactive these are great headphones for you as they do carry great sound.
Ordered a pair as a cheap way to get the buds to use with my other more expensive sony earbuds. I still tried them before, and the right side wasn't working. Now that I lost my more expensive pair, I decided to give these another go and order them again. And once again, the right side is lower than the left straight out of the box. Don't buy one of these, save yourself the gamble and get a more expensive model.
I bought a pair of these earbuds and it lasted me for like 8 months and then it randomly broke one day. So I decided to replace them since they work pretty well sound wise. Probably used the new pair for about 2 months and it randomly broke on me AGAIN!! Just as midterms were around the corner so I was not too please about that. I wish the seller would replace them. I love them they do a great job but it's so s***ty how they break down so quickly?
As described and we haven't had any problems. Ordered for my parents and they haven't had any issues or complaints about the fit.
As then title suggests, one of the sides died with less than 1 month of use. Actually bought 2 of these since the price seemed certainly cheap - same thing happened to both the headphones!
Excellent and high quality Ear-Headphones. I'm very pleased with this product. I have and will recommend and purchase them again.
When this product first arrived, it worked really well. The bass was great for an earbud and the aesthetic quality was also top notch.However, after about a week of use, the right earbud stopped working entirely. Normally this is something I'd expect over months of use as the wires become threadbare. In this case, the earbuds look perfectly fine from the outside, no damage to the wire, no water damage, nothing. This is undoubtedly an issue with the interior quality of the product.I will not buy this product again, this is very disappointing.
s*** dont ever buy them they break super easily. if you would like to waste your money then by all means buy these pieces of s***
I needed a pair of phones just for my ipod while for the gym.  It's only an hour and half workout so nothing crazy or long.  Because of the price I purchased two.  Both lasted two days before one of the speakers went out. So basically, for what you spend, they're good for about 3 hours.  I'll continue to purchase Sony TVs but they need to get out of the headphone market.
I just shipped my earphones back! Only one worked properly. I got 2 pairs of ear buds and only one pair matched. Very upset with what I got.
.great inexpensive headphones that sound great., they dont fall out of your ears. i always need back up head phones, so the three that comes in a bundle, you cant go wrong.
Stops working after 2 months. Very cheap quality.I will not buy them again. Otherwise sound quality was fine. Just ok.
I have been doing audio production for 30 years and own seven sets of headphones ($14 to $220).  These are my first earbuds.  I needed something to listen to while my head was on a pillow during long sessions of dialysis.Most important -- they sound great.  Transients are fine, everything is clear and undistorted.  Sony's choice of 16 Ohms was reasonable and right.  (Most complaints here are caused by people not shoving them all the way into their ears and/or crappy crappy MP3 files and/or "more bass is better bass" and/or impedance issues.)  When I played high quality music recordings ((Steely Dan, Olivier Messiaen, and some recordings that I made myself) through a CD player, a minidisc player and a Sandisc Clip+ the Sony earbuds sounded great.*The wires are rather thin, and they are only as good as they need to be. They are actually thinner than the picture on Amazon.Though the rubber ear things seal you in pretty good, I guess it is the nature of earbuds that they are easy to pull out of your ear when you tug on the wires.  The little slider helps some.  I really like that they come in three sizes. And, they are pillow friendly.  (I would rather use open-air headphones on a walk, as I would like to hear cars, buses, people, dogs, birds, and the like.)My one-day impression is 4-star.  If anything untoward develops, I'll let you know.* I was not obsessive enough to do frequency tests.
The ear-buds arrived packaged properly.  Upon first test run, the left ear bud was non-functional.  Immediately scheduled a return.  I am going to try a different brand.
Really impressed by the sound quality for the low price. I prefer this sound to the stock iPhone headphones and definitely prefer it to any other headphone in the price range. When I first got them I had to try the different ear pieces but once I found the right fit they were snug in my ears and I could go running with them without them falling out.The biggest downfall of these headphones is the build quality. My first pair lasted 3 or 4 months before one ear stopped working. Got another pair, those lasted 4 and a half months then the same issue happened. I've decided now to spend a little more money on some sturdier iems.
This is the second set I've owned. The first set's cord separated from the plug from wear and tear. I like that they come with several sized ear cushions to best fit my ear. They are comfortable in my ear--the cushions are just that---cushions---without compromising sound, in my opinion. I didn't want to spend a lot on ear phones, yet wanted comfortable ones with decent sound quality. These deliver all I need.
Definitely the best pair of headphones I have purchased for under 10 bucks. I live in Minnesota and my old Passonic  earphones froze when it was cold out but these do not. These even have the connector thing that prevents knots.Great buy! definitely worth the money.
These are a lot better than the cheap headphones I bought with my favorite NFL teams logo. They work very well and were worth the price.
Let's put it this way: my ears are weirdly shaped and this earphones are the ones that fit me best. Plus the sound is of the quality you'd expect from Sony. This said, they break easily (usually one of them stops working), but for their price it is worth buying a new pair again. The last ones I bought broke after 7 weeks of use.
I have ordered a pair of these earphones before and they were amazing with the sound quality. However I have it a 4 star rating because when I received these white ones the right side started malfunctioning. It would play music and then cut off and on again. I'm very careful about my earphones so I know I haven't done anything to break them or ruin it.
The fit is good and include multiple sizes of rubber buds but the quality of the earphones is pretty low. My left bud never worked and I was too lazy to send them back.
These are by far the best headphones I have ever purchased and they were not expensive at all! I received Beats headphones as a gift and these are just as good if not better because the size is less restrictive. The quality is fantastic and they are comfortable. I have never used in-ear headphones before and I thought they would feel awkward but they do not at all. I highly recommend them!
Why can't anyone make an ear bud that lasts anymore? 5 days, 4 total uses.They sounded great those few times I used them. But the right bud stopped working after 5 days. No great sound quality can justify that short a lifespan
Broke quickly, but not before the return time had passed. What happened, Sony? Broke quickly, but not before the return time had passed. What happened, Sony?
Given to my son-in -law as a Christmas gift.  Was glad to receive it.  Had one previously.  Very happy with it
i can use it for like a month, then the left side broke. still it quality is suit the prize.
comfortable and has extra ear pieces in case if your ear holes are small or big, you dont even need to use a bass boost when you use them
My husband loves these new Sony headphones, for the price the sound quality is really good. The bass is ok, but I am not going to complain because of how much I paid.
They do the job.  I don't love them.  But, like I said, they do the job I bought them for.
Nothing much to be said.  Great product for an unbelievable price.  If you are looking entry level headphones that are spectacular but provide punchy bass look no further
From the description and Sony's reputation I had expected an excellent product. I compared it with several other ear buds and there was a marked difference in the sound quality. These ear buds had a tinny sound. I ended up returning these.
The sound's not too bad but whenever you take them out of your ears the rubber pads turn inside out
it was good at first it also canceled a lot of noises but then after 2 weeks my right ear bud stopped working
This is my second pair that I have owned. My first pair, I had lost after having for a verryyy long time with no problems. However, this one in particular, the left bud went out within a year of regular use. Other than that, they are very good ear buds with great sound quality.
these ear buds were finally a suitable upgrade for my 16 year old daughter. She actually uses them when listening to her ipod.
I recently purchased this item, and after only a month. The left ear speaker blew out! I wouldn't recommend this item to anybody!
Here we go again! I have tried design, color and cases but earbuds just don't have a long life in this environment. For stereo sound and comfort, these are terrific . . . especially for the price! Yes, I found a different style case and hope for the best. These are so very comfortable with terrific sound quality!
Product and service were perfect; I just don't like sticking these things in my ears!!Product and service were perfect; I just don't like sticking these things in my ears!!
I like this product. I've used it before and I prefer them over others. The product is cheap, yet comfortable and sounds fantastic. Past purchases of this product have fallen apart, primarily where the wire meets the plug. To solve this, I have decided to glue this in to place. The product is honestly worth the trouble of gluing together.As for the delivery, it was amazingly fast. A day ahead of the predicted date and instant response to the order. The package, however, had the cardboard dangling from the plastic, as though the glue no longer held the plastic and cardboard together.I'm currently using the headphones and I love them. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for an affordable pair of headphones with remarkable product quality.
Not bad, but I expected a better sound.  I had a similar pair of headphones, I bought almost 10 years ago, earbuds were a newer deal back then.  They had a phenomenal sound.  I lost one of the earbuds and figured I would get a new set, it turns out I am still using the 10 year old set with the buds from these earbuds.
Decent sounding headphones and inexpensive but after 4 months the left one just stopped working.  I can't recommend this product.
poor quality product, not recommend to any one to purchase this product even made by Sony!  I like to return but I lose the packing
I've loved using these headphones since they're so cheap. The sound quality is good and the earbuds fit comfortably in my ear. However, these headphones break easily; one day one of the earpieces will stop working or the sound quality will get fuzzy, and then it's only a matter of time till they break. I recommend using them as back-up ones until you decide to buy a high-quality pair.
The quality isn't fantastic but they're great for $8. The right earbud has been crackling slightly at higher volumes and I got them only a month ago. Hopefully it's not a common problem
I purchased these for my son to use in his hand held games systems. They lasted 10 minutes before he declared them the worse ear buds in history. I took the comments as a typical 11 year old complaining that he didn't receive the $300 Turtle Beach head set he had asked for. They ended up in the junk drawer for a while before I found them and I have to say THESE ARE THE WORSE EAR BUDS IN THE HISTORY OF MAN KIND after attempting to use them. Allow me to clarify why these are not only terrible but infuriating. The sound is about standard for a set of ear buds for under $10, 6/10. Standard cord length and they come in numerous colors, 5/10. But where these lose points is in the overall design. They DO NOT sit in your ear as intended, instead they are constantly slipping and falling out. Often a small head movement is enough to dislodge them from optimum listening position. Simply standing up and allowing the cord to hang free is enough to send them toppling from your ears. 1/10Overall I give these a 2/10. Great if you are a sniper in the field and cant move for hours. I think you could really enjoy them for under $10. Everyone else, pass on these despite the price tag.
Online it seems better it really is. Im not talking only about the appearance of the product but also about sound quality.
For the price, these are excellent! The sound quality far exceeds that of any other $10 earbud out there. I've owned 4 pairs of these in my lifetime. I'm a professional gardener and I wear them while working. They hold up really well for all the accidental yanks and tugs the wires get during the normal course of my day. They stay put and I do not have problems with them falling out. Eventually, one of the earbuds will go bad and I need to replace them but I usually have hundreds of hours of listening to them under almost abusive conditions before they break.
My boyfriend wanted a spare pair of ear headphones to use when he runs.  I purchased these for him and he loves them.  I recommend this product.
I got these for my husband so he could watch videos and I could watch Netflix on my Kindle at the same time.  Everyone was happy.
these headphones are awesome when I'm listening to my satanic speed metal, or sometimes I want to mellow out and smoke a fat one and listen to some hardcore gangsta rap, I mean you can really feel the bass shivers through your body and rattle your spine and make your head go for a spin. buy these today or you are making a huge mistake and you fail at life.
The left side channel stopped working after 6 months of mild use. For the price (8.00) the sound quality was just ok, but I expected them to last a little longer. Wouldn't really recommend them for someone who listens to music a lot, they were thin on the bass, maybe for light use, perhaps as a spare.They only come with a 90 day warranty, two pairs of spare rubber ear-buds. I would not buy them again.
The very first time I plugged it in (yesterday) it was immediately apparent that they don't work properly.  The sound comes in and out depending on the position of the cord.  I am frustrated mostly because replacement isn't an option apparently even though they arrived defective.  Seems like bad customer service to me.
Bought these for low price, but I knew Sony is a know brand. First month it worked great, after that, right ear stopped working, then it started working again but more quiet. After that left one gave up so only right one worked. After that they both started working again but more quiet. Every week it went more quiet and more quiet and now I turn volume on max and I can barely hear it
The wires are already detaching from the jack. I have not used it that much. The product was cheap ($8) but it should have been cheaper ($1)
The Sony MDREX10LP In-Ear headphones habe a great sound for a great price. I bought them to replace my Samsung Galaxy headphones and the Sony headphones sound so much better.
I bought these earbuds three months ago and they were great! They blocked out the outside noise and were very comfortable. A few days ago however, I noticed the left earbud's sound was starting to deteriorate and then the right earbud stopped working completely! I wish they had lasted longer!
You get what you pay for. I bought these for about $8.00 on sale, which is really cheap for earbuds. I've had two other pairs of these earbuds, and they both lasted me about three months each. However, when I received my newest pair, the wire pulled out of the base of the headphone jack after about a week. The plastic coating is not thoroughly attached to either end of the earbuds. If you have the money, buy better quality earbuds. If you don't, save up because these are not worth your money.
I moved recently and my old Song earbuds (model MDR-EX57LP) went missing. I purchased a new pair at a local store thinking they would be just as good as the old ones. Wrong! Sony has redesigned the overall shape of the earbuds themselves. I have small ears and the result of the redesign is that these earbuds will not stay in! And this is with the smallest rubber cover in place. They constantly fall out while I am running, or even just sitting there. I am always pushing them back in and it's just hopeless. The prior design had a longer stem leading from the body of the earbud to the rubber cover. They stayed in nicely and I had the full benefit of hearing not just treble, but bass as well. With these new ones, since they won't stay in, all I hear is treble and practically zero bass. I recently found my old pair, but one of the buds has gone out since they were buried in the center console of a car for months. Looks like I'm out of luck unless they get rid of this new, horrid design. If you have small ears like me, save your money and look for a different brand!
My set broke after a month of normal use and good care. These are cheap headphones, the sound quality was ok, the casing was bad, but they did work as headphones.  In summary buy at your own risk?
no other similarly priced headphones that I have used are even close. they are extremely comfortable and have great sound quality and durability, lasting for more than six months.
Initially though it was good, not even a fortnight passed and the right ear phone doesn't give any output. The left one is okay but what am I going to do with only one ear phone working. Disappointed! Wont recommend anyone.
I expected a cheap pair of reliable "get what u pay for" ear buds.  I am a big fan of Sony products, but I never expected for the right bud to crap out 2 days after I bought em'.  I already have AN "EARBUD" that my grampa gave me with an old transister radio in a leather pouch back in 1972...and yes it still works...so Sony:  this is unsatisfactory!
I understand that headphone durability all depends on how good you take care of them, especially how you wrap them, but less than a month? That's awful.
Ever since I'd lost my Apple buds I've had a revolving door of others.Generally, my opinions are based on a few specific criteria.  First, you don't have to be an "audiophile" to appreciate or recognize "good-sounding" music, so...how do they sound?  Second, how do they hold up during activity?  Lastly, can I keep them in for more than an hour comfortably?Oddly enough, the reason I've chosen to write this review is because I've since found my Apple buds...and am SHOCKED by how much better they sound than all the other cheapies I've tried, including these from Sony.  Now, the Apple buds are by no means more comfortable than any of the in-ear iterations I've been dabbling through, and I find them nearly impossible to keep in my ears when I'm running.  But goodness gracious, they sound so much better.My dad always told me that you can judge the power of a sound system not by how well it sounds at high volume, but how well you can hear the balance at very low volumes.  In this case, if I make a simple comparison between the Apple buds and the Sonys, I nearly have to crank the volume on the Sonys to get much of any low-end response.  The Apples, on the other hand, require much less "power" for balanced listening.To sum it all up, I've found a solid niche for these Sony earbuds.  Although they are lacking in sound quality, they are superior in fit, comfort, weight, and ease of use during periods of activity.If you want earbuds that sound good, spend more money...seriously.  If you want earbuds that are capable of playing music, fit comfortably, and that you can abuse guilt-free...these are the ones for you.
Earbuds were very comfortable. Not to large fix very nicely in my ear. Price was reasonable for the product. Enjoyed
Worth the money, great sound, I have owned many sony headphones and have never been disappointed. They fit great. .
These are great sound quality for the price. Better than more expensive ones and they fit perfectly and comfortably in the ear.
I BOUGHT 2 SET OF Sony MDREX10LP/WHI In-Ear Headphones , SHIPMENT WAS GREAT ON TIMESOUND IS OK. PRICE WAS BET HIGH.
I ordered these and the JBuds to compare the two. These sound much better than the JBuds, with decent bass.
They look flimsy, cord is quite thin, but you can't expect much for such a low price. Everything else looks good.
Good fit in the ear and does block outside nose. Cable is plenty long enough for computer or iPad use.
I bought 3 of these and two failed within a week. Both had one side stop working.My son unknowingly bought yet another pair. Exact same problem. One side stopped working.Hard to believe these are Sony products.
Well worth the price for this product.  Perfect for in the gym, I've also used them while riding in military aircraft (under a pair of peltors) and walking around campus.  They last about a year or two with proper care (the cords are thin and can be pulled from the ear bud if not properly cared for) before you decide to get a new pair.
I go through lots of ear buds and bought these to support my music habit. They fit my ears nicely and the sound is comparable to the $129 pair I bought before it went through the washer and dryer...
Earphone cables feel really cheap almost like they were made with glue and the bass I expected wasnt there. Overall it has good quality sound. You can focus on your music without other outside sound interrupting. Great for when you want to ignore everyone.
So cool for the price.! i love this headphones because quality and responds.! bass and high are very well.! 100% recommended for all you guys.!  go for it
These were awful. I purchased these "new" and the right headphone did not even work. What a waste of money.
Sony should check this product, 2 ordered 2 and returned 2 since one side did not work at all.Normally Sony makes great stuff, this product just did not work out.
I'm not an audiophile, but I know what good headphones/earbuds sound like. These definitely won't match a good pair of headphones, such as M50's or DJ1Pros, but they are good for just in general listening, such as when you're walking to class.The other benefit to these is that they are so, sooooo cheap. I lost my pair within a week, and although I feel a little bad, it's nowhere as bad as losing a set of Klipsch S4s or something.I'd definitely pick this set up again, any day, all day, every- yeah, it's good. Buy them.
Outstanding value and Excellent Quality...This product conforms to standards and it is a product of integrity with durability to sustain performance.
Great price, super comfortable, and excellent sound. BUT, the build quality is horrendous. I bought two pairs for myself and 2 pairs for my girlfriend so we could leave them in our offices/home/etc. All 4 pairs have died in the 6 months that I've had them They show no outward signs of damage, but one earbud has failed on all 4 pairs. They are stored safely, not overcoiled, stressed, pulled, or crushed in anyway, but yet, they have all failed.
I'm doing the rounds reviewing all my christmas gadgets and this is the easiest one to write.  I love that Sony headphones just work so damn well.  With Sony headphones I never feel I'm paying for the brand, I feel I'm paying for the quality and the engineering.When I look at and importantly listen to, all the fancy new fashion brand headphones on the market, i just think the price is all about paying for the marketing that went into it (Dre beats I'm looking at you).  The quality certainly isn't there.I have a range of Sony headphones for different uses and they're all great.  MDR1 for listening at my desk.  these MDREX for the gym.  they're all just great.I deviated and went for a top of the line sennheiser once.  regretted it and returned them.  stick with Sony peeps.
I've had a pair of these ear headphones before and it lasted almost a year.  I work out at least 4-5 days a week.  Very durable!
Cheap headphone. Cant beat the price. To me this headphone does its job and its disposable if something happens to it.
Bought this for my sister after owning a pair to go with my MP3 player. The ear buds that come with the MP3 Player are not only too big, they are uncomfortable. These hit the nail on the head and you do have a choice of sizes.
I like the EX10 pretty well.The housing is really small, so they're very comfortable and stay in-place well (for earbuds).The only issue is with the paper separating the speaker from the "output point."  Basically, there's a piece of super-thin paper to either equilize the tonality or to prevent earwax from getting into the housing.  The problem is, earwax still gets in, and while you can remove wax from the tubular output chambers, you can't get it off the paper well enough to not compromise volume.So, I suggest removing that paper immediately.  The best way to do earbud maintenance is with either an open staple or an unbent paperclip.  It's a constant pain to do it, but you have to do it with any headphones.If you want an even more comfortable option than these, check out the EX55 - the housing is silicon instead of plastic so they're ridiculously comfortable - but they will also set you back $30 with no discernible increase in sound quality.
For Listening music, this is too good but for attending calls, our voice is too low for the caller while we are in outdoor
I thought it would provide more bass. My headphones did not come with various ear bud sizes or options. But you can't complain for its price. I would much rather have and have had these headphones:Panasonic RPHJE120K In-Ear Headphone (B003EM8008Slightly cheaper and much better, and comes with various ear bud sizes or options.
Like all good ear buds they eventuality break, but these last longer, are great quality and are the least expensive ones I have found! Buy them! Ignore bad Reviews and trust me. I have been using these for 5 years! If you aren't looking for expensive ones but great quality than go with theses Sony MDREX10LP. I guarantee you won't be Sorry! :)
Wonderful item.  Works great with computer, mp3 player and tablet. love it! Would highly recommend this product to my friends
Awesome headphones. I used to have skullcandy but they got to expensive for me. These are a nice alternative for a great price.
I liked these headphones, and they were cheaper than buying them in the store.It's always nice when you can purchase something on line.
Ok, I know these aren't the most expensive headphones, but for $8 I got a pair for my office at work and they are great.  Bought a second pair of these for the same price and keep them in my travel stuff for when I go out of town.  I did have a pair of these about 2 years ago, and although they only lasted for a year before one of the buds stopped working, it was well worth the $8 they cost me at the time~!
Inexpensive but not cheap... I don't care that they wear-out due to nighttime/sleeping use.  Sound great. Pretty good at noise canceling.
love it ,but not very durable on the end tip.. yes will again just a different end tip thank you
While I can't personally rate this since it was a gift, I can say that the price was good, it was packaged well and arrived on time.  And the recipient was quite excited.
For these little headphones they provide some awesome sound and great bass. For paying under $10 for them, I definitely would recommend them.
Good earphones and cheap. They worked exactly like I hoped that they would. They are great for the money and worth it.
Great sound for the price! Love them! Fast shipping and quality product! Nice bass and high end response. Recommend for the low price and great sound.
I foolishly bought another pair of these after experiencing a defect from a previous pair I owned.  The right ear bud doesn't emit any sound.  Aside from that the sound quality is not very good.  I am very disappointed with Sony putting out such a poor quality product.
Either there is a problem in the connection or where the wire goes into the connection--in any event, it's fine if there is no movement, but if you are walking or move the cord in any way, there is static.
I go through/break a lot of earbuds, so I'm glad that these were pretty cheap. The earbud sound was pretty good, not quite as good as my Panasonic RPHJE120K but much better than the tinny sounds from my Skullcandy earbuds. I would've given 4 or more stars, but my earbuds are slightly defective. The right earbud volume was slightly lower, and if I turn the cable a certain way when I'm listening to music, I get a lot of crackle.
Its really good and great value for money. Good Sound but the wires are thin. But worth for how much we pay.
I had these for a long time now great sound and they feel great, better then those cheep head phones at Walmart.
Dr. Dre Beats headphones vs. these: one has a fancy logo, the other doesn't.  These come with 3-4 (can't remember) different sizes of rubber to fit any ear, they stay in even when you're running/jumping/careening around on a hard workout, and the cord is nice and long, easy to keep out of the way under a shirt or jacket.
I love sony and its products. these earphones I use all the time. the bass sound quality is great! outside noise is completely blocked. I use them all the time. they will last a lifetime.
The earbuds came a lot earlier than expected :). I love the Sony products! The earbuds stuck in my ears and came with 2 other sets of buds. It was a great price and very nice in quality. I would recommend this to anyone.
Ordered the buds for my dad and so far no complaints!  These will help when he watches tv at the clinic for privacy.
I bought these as a second pair after being so impressed with my first Sony Earbuds of the same design. I find them very comfortable and due to the angled design you don't need to look at them to tell left from right. However, I'm knocking off a star because the newer set no longer came with the volume slider or the little rubber piece for wrapping up excess cord length.
I was pleased with these headphones.  I ordered them for my 8 year old daughter.  She waited anxiously to get them and was happy they came so quickly.  She uses  them all the time and loves that they match all the other accessories she has for her Ipod.
didn't work when it came and the package was open. This is the second time this happen. Im done with it
This was given as a gift to my child and she/he loved the sound that it produces.  Also likes how they fit the ear.
I really enjoy hearing my music with high quality earphones. I was traveling and forgot to pack my usual set. I stopped in at a store and bought these just to carry me thru the trip. I was VERY surprised at the sound quality of these buds. It's hard to find decent bass in the first place... so I was quite impressed. I've used these for several months now and they're pretty sturdy. I came on Amazon to pick up a spare pair and ended up getting 3 backup pairs when I saw the unbelievable price! LOVE these.
They didnt even last a week. After 5 days one of the ear buds just stopped working. dont waste your money.
These headphones are really boomy in the soprano register. At this frequency everything is much much louder than everything else.Also these are just poorly designed. The ends of the buds are too small, so you have to physically pull the wire to get them out of your ear, and they're harder to get in; the wire is thin and flimsy, and gets tangled much easier than Samsung earphones; and the 90 degree kink at the jack is really annoying on a lot of devices.
They work just about as well as you'd think they would, for the price. Cheap, easy to use, and they work pretty well.
They are nice, we can listing the son clearly .. Sonny branch is good to use . I love it
Decent sound for the price, but their very irritating. They go inside your ear, and the form factor makes a point pushing at the back of your ear. Always slipping and falling out, doesn't help to the discomfort.
One of the earpieces did not work.  The seller gave me a very hard time when I asked about exchange or refund.  They responded that the merchandise they sell is never defective and if I don't like Sony quality, then I should return it.  Yet they ignored my request for return or exchange and did not provide me with the details on how to do so.  I eventually threw them away and purchased a different brand from a different vendor.  I would not recommend these headphones, nor the vendor that sold them to me.
I had gotten a pair of these as a gift and after about 9 months one of the ear buds stopped working. They were comfortable with great sound quality so I ordered another pair--and after 4 months I have the same issue.They're inexpensive, but I'm sick of replacing them so frequently. Granted, I bring them to and from the office and the gym nearly every day so they do see a fair amount of wear and tear.
I dont know, it just doesnt sound as right as the old sony earphones i have. Doesnt sound as rich. These earbuds have the same kind of weak sounding quality that i felt with the Apple earphones. After this im definately not going to buy earbuds again, so hard to put on and feels weird.Edit: Actually the way i was using it was probably wrong, you gotta make sure you push it up in your ear properly, and that was the reason my sound was sounding bad. I actually really like it once i know how to use it :D
Sony makes quality products . The sound us great and the fit in the ear is good.  I would recommend this product
It works pretty well, but does'nt fits my ear (actually I think it's my ears' problem hahaha)The sound is fine, good material quality.
no they aren't the best in the market but for the price they are hard to beat.. I have 2 pairs. I leave one at work and the other travels with me in my car..
they work perfect, and good quality and you will have no regrets about it. Sony is the best to have
You can not beat the quality of the headphones for the price.  Do you lose a little on the highs and lows sure.  Do you get powerful tub thumping base?  No.  What do you get is a decent pair of headphones for under 15 bucks.
I have no complaints.  An inexpensive set of earphones with decent sound.  They work, they sound great and when I lose them, or run the wire over with my chair...I will not cry because I spent so much money.Fast shipping....good quality.  What more could you expect?
These are not worth the time or money.  No bass and the right ear bud hardly worked.  Don't waste your time with these!
I've been buying Sony earbuds for years because they have always had the best sound and the best fit for the money and these don't disappoint. If you are looking for big sound this isn't for you, but if your want really good sound for a low price then buy these.
a little different than others with the sound but I still like it, nice base and can handle loud sound
I bought each of my family members a pair of head phones for Christmas and they each loved them. I love the color of these, perfect for my Ipod!
But did not get case with it like I had order did not get charged for this would not order again
Dam!  I didn't expect these earphones to be so good in quality.  The bass is really good and clear.  I prefer music with heavy bass and these earphones are handling the bass output pretty well.  These earphones are amazing and I think it is pretty good for the price that you get them with.  I like the in ear type because it fits comfortably into your ear without feeling that something is stabbing the inside of your ear.  It literally feels like you didn't stick anything in your ear and sometimes I even forget I have them on haha.  The cord stretches long enough.  I like the L-Shaped aux tip because it prevents the cord from breaking off or getting damaged if you are moving a lot.  I guess it also helps with angle also.  Very light and can fit anywhere as long as you curl it up the correct way.  Comes with 3 soft gel cushion tips for small, medium, and large sized ears.  Overall, this product surprised me and I have always liked buying Sony products.
Great earbuds but they do not work with the Lifeproof case on the iPhone I purchased these for.  Have to take case off anytime I want to use them
Great little headphones. Comfortable, dynamic sound, comes with a cable organizer and different ear tips. Buy these if you care about sound but not enough to spend much more than what these cost.
Great pair of headphones for the price! Would purchase again!! Sound is very clear and they fit perfectly. Ordered eight pair for my nieces and nephews.
I have no problems with the headphones themselves. Yet, the plastic case they came in was blatantly torn open, and the pieces were scattered in the box. Kind of takes away from the product when its being presented as a gift...
I've been using this headphone for 2 months and it's still good. However, don't expect too much about a headphone in this price, it works but it doesn't have a perfect sound effect. However, I still like it very much.
Great product for a low price.  Easy to change ear bud sizes that stay in when you exercise or run.
Deliver sound from my devices that accomodate a headphone jack. Sounds great for cost 7 bucks. You wont be dissapointed but you wont be amazed. But you shouldn't be expecting to be amazed since they cost 7 dollars. But they work great, they last, so 5 stars.
I'm giving this three stars simply because of the quality. This is a classic case of you get what you pay for. They are not the best sounding headphones on the market. If your goal is just to have something that carries sound from a device to your ears and your not real worried about sound quality than these are perfect. There great for talk radio, listening to sports and the like. If your looking for headphones that will enhance your music listening experience than these are not the headphones for you. There well worth the money (I paid just under 10 bucks), but honestly it all depends on what your looking for out of a set of headphones. Shipping was fast, however the product package was open and the ear buds were spread throughout the shipping package. I should of knocked off another star for the package, but I based my review on the quality of the product. When all is said and done that's what really matters.
this thing broke on me after a couple month's use. however, when it was still alive i liked it very very much
Great headphones, lasted a solid 6 months getting thrown around in my book bag, etc. Would buy again. and again.
third ordering these headphones, Pretty reasonable for what I got.  Although I had to send one pair back for technical reasons overall I ordered them again.
These sound pretty good. They could use a little more bass. Well worth the very small price even with shipping added,
I was looking for earbuds to replace my Maximo iMetal Headphones, which are no longer available and for which I paid $17.00. I thought they were amazing for the money, but these Sony headphones are every bit as good and even more comfortable. After experimenting, I've found that the "lounge" setting on an Ipod/Iphone brings out their best qualities: rich bass,clear treble, excellent channel separation.Best of all, they fit so comfortably in your ear that you can put your head on a pillow and not even feel them (important for long flights). I really don't think you can do better for under $10.00.
These headphones come with 3 different, easily changeable, earbuds.  The standard size are too large for me, so having the option for a smaller bud was great.  I was very happy.
Sound quality is fine, but these don't stay in my ears and the left speaker broke after 4 days. Better than nothing, but that's it.
In the technical information of the description it simply says; microphone.There is no microphone on this unit. They fit in the ear good but since I bought these for my ps4 I will be returning these because once again there's no microphone.
I tried them right after getting them, they were FAULTY!! Connection would get lost when the cable was moved, and they was staticky.. Literally, minutes after opening the package.. I'm soo dissapointed..
This ear buds are wonderful to use and have great sound. I bought another pair at an electronics store and paid more for them.
For the price you can t demand more. Good bass, nice isolation from exterior, several sizes for ear plugs. I recommend this if you look for nice low budget head phones
Hands down these are the best in-ear value for the price. I jam these LOUD during my workouts. Will buy again!
This is the second item I buy because my previous one didn't function properly anymore. the left ear-bud started to produce poor sound level so I though it was something I did because of my recklessness and ordered another one because I liked how well they fitted my ears. But, again, the same problem occurred after the same time the problem occurred in the first one (expect it to poorly function after 1 month use)!
I bought these to replace a pair of old ear buds, and only expected them to be okay, however, the sound is quite clear.I won't get into the mids, lows, and highs, as these are $10 and if you're expecting Hi-Fi go get some Noontech headphones. I listen to extreme metal music with at least 3 hours a day of listening, so it's not like I haven't put them to extended periods of use. They are comfortable, more-so than some so called "ergonomic' ear buds I've used, (such as Maxwell cool beans), and they come with extra tip sizes, which is a bonus. One thing about these, I ordered a white pair of these, and received a black pair. I don't much mind the color difference, and it's probably seller dependent, (I ordered from "Smashing Deals"), but it irked me a little bit. I already own dozens of black cables! Micro USB, USB extension cords, HDMI, DVI, VGA, and so forth, and I was looking forward to mix things up. I've used them for a couple days and I'll update in a few weeks.The short: 9/10 for price, but you may not get the same color as ordered.
...lasted six months in my sleep - tossing and turning on them...
bought as gift for grandson... being able to pick out just what he wanted on line with him was fun also...he's happy, I'm happy.
I am hard on headphones - mine never seem to last a few months due to rough treatment, so I always prefer buying inexpensive ones.  These are very comfortable and have held up well so far.  Sound quality is nowhere near Bose-level, but that's not what you buy these for.
These headphones aren't waterproof and are very inexpensive. But they produce a very good quality sound and one was submerged in a glass of tea for a few minuets and after a few shakes and a good drying works like a charm. Good purchase.
This headphones are high quality priced¡Good fidelity, nice shape and comes with 3 different ear pugs sizes¡¡will definitely buy another ones for my brother
I love these headphones, sound too good and isolate outside sound perfectly. I love, are comfortable and cheapthe shipping was fastI recommend for the price and quality
These are a bang for a buck no doubt. But each pair I have owned, the right ear bud has went out. Still would buy a pair if I am ever around a place selling them.
Too much unwanted noise generated by headphone. Much worse than "JLab JBuds Hi-Fi Noise-Reducing Ear Buds". Very surprised by this SONY product!
For the price it's hard to beat these headphones.  I use them with my iphone while cutting grass and it helps to reduce the noise from the tractor.  They offer very good sound and don't bother my ears after wearing them for several hours.
I bought two.....1st pair came with a lower volume on one side. Had to process return right away....Replacement functioned well but only for a month or so before one side volume went out completely ( past 30 day warranty)My second pair ( white) went out as well - no sound on one side shortly after..........Not happy at all!
all was ok thanks, I was I requested, all was ok, thanks a lot for all, I will buying more
Honestly it seems like these are hit or miss.  I've had 2 pair, and my first ones were amazing. So when I got a new pair after my first ones got washed in the washing machine, they seem way different. Like the right ear bud is way quieter than the left.
the audio quality is good, but it does not have a mic... In the technical details, microphone is mentioned, but the earphone does not have a mic.
It came in the mail and wasnt working when I tried to use it. waste of my money. not worth it at all
After finding my last pair of these sitting in a cup of water ruined (Kids or possibly the Old Lady) I decided than and there to come on Amazon and find another set. Luck would have it that they had them and I bought them as fast as I could move my mouse to the Buy option. These buds have a great sound for the price. They don't feel like Gumdrops in your ears either. Whether listening to Motorhead or Jim Croce the music always sounds great. They won't sound like the expensive ones but they will sound good without spending a lot of hard earned cash.
Pretty decent sound quality for the economical price. Plus, they're very comfortable to wear. Would recommend people to buy them.
Excellent sound, very good ear fitting accessories, light weight, good quality material. Great value for money. I really recommend it.
Good bass, but not very noise cancelling. I work around heavy equipment and could barely hear my music not satisfied
These are definitely the best value quality headphones I've owned, I've bought 3 pairs (I lose headphones A LOT) and I've gotten these ones every time because they're cheap, and they work really well.
Worked well with good sound quality while still intact. After about two months they started to fall apart and I had to replace them
These headphones have really good bass and decent treble. For 9 dollars, great value! Doesn't seem to be the most durable but I wouldn't mind replacing them a couple times a year.
it broke in a month of use. first one ear stopped working then the other broke by the next week.
I like these headphones. They work well and have good sound. I have bought some other brands in the past that when I put them in my pocket will get a loose wire over time and the sound will go in and out. But not these. They are sturdy and last. Recommended.
The seller got these to me within 3 days.. and the headphones are amazing. The quality is something I'd expect from a pair of 80-100 dollar ear-buds, I have no complaints. The seller also included paperwork with all of his info for any questions or complaints, very professional all around.
sounds great, love sony earbuds. crystal clear sound, nice bass, lovely highs can't put them down. love it love it
When I used one set of the earbuds for the first time only one channel worked. This was my backup pair for the gym and the vendor tells me they will not replace it.
Good Bass good Sound quality with extra 2 buds... Long wire.. product is overall nice. I would definitely recommend it.
I was excited to get some earbuds by Sony.  I have always liked the Sony sound but these headphones are not what I was expecting.  Sony needs to get back to the drawing board and make quality stuff, even if you have to pay a little more for it.  Its pretty bad when my sons Ipod headphones are better than Sony.
Well, they were cheap and worked fine for a while, but today the right earpiece finally gave out. I checked the date, and it was four months ago, to the day, that I placed the order. In the past couple of weeks both ears started fritzing a little, but if I wiggled the wires a little it would come back. My guess is that the wire on the right ear came unsoldered, but fixing that is more effort than I want to put into a pair of $10 headphones.
Skip apple EarPods which are worth like 30$ and get these.You can't compare these to the skullcandies in this price range.I got mine for 15$ at best buy. They are well worth it. I haven't tried earbuds at that price that provide the clarity and bass that these provide. They are very simple and light weight, easy to store. Feel a bit flimsy but I've been using mine for months and I'd buy another pair in a heartbeat if these died.I trust the sony brand for everythingIncluding personal audio. I own 4 pairs of sony headphones including some higher end stuff, I chose their brand for mostly everything including cameras, tvs, etc.Sony for the win!!!!
I purchased these ear buds to use with the "Sleep Pillow" app for my iPod Touch to provide white noise while sleeping.  I wanted ear buds that wouldn't fall out of my ears for 8 hours.  The ear buds that came with the iPod Touch and a pair of JVC ear buds that I purchased did not stay in my ears--they don't fit inside the ear canals.  The Sony ear buds did the trick.  They come with 3 sizes of polymeric baffles one of which fit my ear canals perfectly. So now I can sleep like a baby connected to my iPod Touch--no external white noisemaker necessary!The sound quality is not as good as that exhibited by the iPod Touch or the JVC ear buds. For listening to music or watching movies these have better bass response and brighter treble than the Sony ear buds.
I bought this as a simple no frills set for running and exercise and I am very happy.  In ear headphones are what I prefer but I think my one ear is a different shape than most and they tend to hurt my ears but these are fine.  The in part that goes in your ear is a very soft rubber/silicone which makes them easy to wear and clean.
These headphones are really quiet, there isn't any bass at all. Even if I turn on the bass booster on my phone. I had some xx headphones prior to these but I gave them away, I got these as a cheap alternative and I highly regret it. I don't hate them, but for under $20 you can't beat the xx headphones because all music sounds good on those. Plus these don't cancel out any outside noise.
These earbuds have a few sizes for the in ear part so you can get a comfortable fit and don't end up with earbuds that are constantly falling out of your ears.
This earbuds work very well.  I can't believe how inexpensive they are and will continue to buy Sony brand anything since I never seem to have bad luck with these or any Sony product- seriously. g-
Very poor sound quality. No bass and damping total volume. Very disappointed. I have owned and enjoyed 3 pairs of SONY MDR-E10LP Lightweight Earbuds, which have great sound and fit. They don't seem to be available anymore.
Good headphones, had them for three weeks now and still going strong (rough with headphones so most dont last long with me) packaging came opened though =[
Sound was great, but fragile.  The right side stopped working after 2 months, as it is outside of the return period, I'm out of luck.
sound great, awesome price. what can you expect for less than $10?  decent bass, long enough cord, decent sound, nice
These are terrific! I use them with my music on my iPhone. Metal sounds soooooo good. Deep bass and clear high's. $9 is an absolute steal for these!
I was looking for some earbuds that had a good bass and found these I decided to get them because the reviews it had were pretty good when I got them I was very disappointed because there was no bass and by the end of the week the right side was not working.I do not recommend these if you want earphones with a good bass
Sony is always my best bet for durability and sound quality. Take these with me to the gym almost everyday. I lost the rubber earplug part and simply replaced with ones I have from another set (not sony) that are so quiet I can't hear my music over the noise of the treadmill
Bought these in need for temporary earphones and ended up sticking with them. The sound is great. Comes with small, medium, and large size buds to apply the ones that fit to your liking. Not bad for the price,  not bad at all.
I love my new Sony In-Ear Headphones!  I have several pairs of standard type headphones, with the little foam covers. My ears would get sore after a time; not a good fit and I had to periodically force them back in place, etc.  However, with my Sony In-Ear Headphones, several sizes of earbuds were provided and I found just the right fit for me -- and now I'm happy!  There are more expensive models out there, but the sound quality of this brand is excellent and the price was certainly affordable.  I would recommend.
An easy way to satisfy gift requests.  My grand-son is a runner and this seems to be a get set of earphones that stays in place.
I had a different kind of headphone before, that didn't fit tightly in the ear like these do.  Listening is so much more pleasurable when you don't have to worry about your headphones falling out if you move.  These are great and the listening quality is great!.
Pros:Amazing Sound quality,Crisp sounds,Crisp Bass,Deep low bass (can go down to 8 hz!!!).Cons:One of my sisters earbuds stopped working (i have had mine longer [over a year] and still don't have a problem),The chord is very thin and flimsy, so just don't be rough with it and you will be fine.Overall:Great earbuds for the price!
I bought these as a gift for a friend and she seems to like them. Sony is generally an ok brand
best value with a brand name out there. period. light weight, crisp sound, doesn't get too loud but all in all fantastic for the price. I rec
Great Value. Sony in-ear headphones have always been good but Sony has managed to move excellent quality into low-end, low cost ear-buds. The headphones were priced at $10, slightly more than the best selling Panasonic's but they have a  broader sound range and more precise, even purer sounding sound that facilitates listening to individual musical instrument should you want. These are my everyday headphones and are very durable; just make sure you properly size  the ear cushions as it makes a big difference in sound quality..
Just ok nothing special don't sound that good with iPod turned all the way up during working out. May have to look for some other ones
I've been using these headphones for about 1 month, and I'm totally convinced. I mostly use them outside to listen audio podcasts, and the sound is great, balanced, clear, and the isolation from external noise is efficient. I had sennheiser headphones before, and for twice the price, it was not that good.
I was expecting better sound quality from these. I am little disappointed with these Sony headphones. Value for what you pay, good alternative for travelers who keep loosing headphones.
love them... was just looking for cheap headphones to buy well these are great quality and i plan on buying more in a different color! :)
These headphones are ok. Not the best. I didn't expect much for ten dollars but overall im fairly satisfied. There was one problem I had. If you move the cable where it attaches to the headphone jack, the right ear will briefly cut out. If you are looking for a cheep pair that probably won't last more that two weeks, these headphones are a good choice.
Product was comfortable and worked great for 3 months then stopped working. Obviously not constructed well and a blot on the Sony brand.
The ear plugs work well, and are relatively cheap.  I have some at work, in my home office, in my bed room (they work on my phone, computer, tablet, etc.).  They do a decent job blocking out the noise on planes...not noise cancelling but way, way better than what the airlines supply.  They are comfortable.The only reason I don't give them a five is that the wires pull out.  On the later ones I have bought I've put a bit of glue where the wires go into the ear buds (strain relief) to keep the wires from pulling out.  The jack end still wears out, but much more slowly.  They'd get a five if the wire connections didn't 'wear out'.
Excellent Buds. I had another pair and lost them. I switched to regular earphones, and they were never the same. I finally purchased this and have been using them a couple of months. No regrets. The quality of the product, and the sound they produce, there's no comparison.
WOW. Exactly what I've been looking for. It is an exact fit for my ears. I'm no sound expert, but the music is perfect. I use this at the gym and they haven't fallen out once during hard cardio sessions.
Whenever my daughter massacre's my headphones or my wife supposedly steps on them by accident. I always buy these pair to replace the old one of the same make and model. They fit well in my ears without a lot of adjustments and it so happens that this one was sent on time like a boss (very timely). The sound quality is good as well for a cheap pair of headphones. I recommend all the way.
I only used these sitting at my desk at work. One ear stopped working after a week.  After the second week they didn't work at all.  Buy anything else.
I wish I could say how much of an awesome value these are when you compare quality and price.  The sad fact is the moment I received them, the right ear bud is near dead (sound can barely be heard).  Doing a quick scan of reviews on Amazon I see this has happened to others.  Not good.  Going for my refund.
Sound quality is amazing for the price, but the right earbud is dead not four weeks after purchase. I wonder how much I have to pay to get my headphones to last, oh I don't know, a whole year?
I always come back to amazon for these same headphones...any color!  They have great bass, fit well and last a long time.
I probably would have given these 5 stars (considering performance for price) except for the fact that I keep pulling the wire out of the 90 degree plug at the molded strain relief - a weak point in the design / construction.After pulling the cord out of the fitting on my second pair, I managed to work the cord (partially?) back into the strain relief fitting, then took a lighter and slightly melted the strain relief fitting onto the cord.Gave it a bit of a tug, and the cord now seems firmly connected!
When it arrived, the left side was louder right side. The day after all of the sudden it stopped working. So i didn't bother and threw them out.
For the price you can hardly best them. If you are looking for an inexpensive pair of headphones, I would definitely recommend these. I work in an office and will not bring my $300 set in because for one, my iphone can't make good use of them anyways but two, I don't want them stolen. These sonys are a fantastic option for about $10 that sound great, give nice bass and won't hurt if they break or get stolen.I will say they feel fairly flimsy, not that bad but I would say for office use they are great. For outside use or workout they may last for a little while but if you tug them hard enough times I can see them breaking without a lot of effort.
good quality earphones, it also comes with the different ear hole sizes small, med , largepros: cheaper than the store price, good quality sound (my money was well spent)cons: i don't have any
Subject line sums it up.  It's cheap, but apparently you take your chances.  My other headphones work fine with my phone.
I have gone through around thirty ear buds in the last ten years. None of them had the ear comfort of these speaker pillows. The sound quality seems like full room speakers. These sound better than Bose sound systems.
I really recommend these headphones ... great sound for the price .. awesome quality .. loved it.. thumbs up.. great product..
I have tried several ear headphones (most of which came with the personal amplifiers I bought) with very poor results so I figured that Sony would make acceptable quality ones even though the price was low and, at last, these work fine with all the amplifiers I had purchased from other manufacturers.  So don't give up if the ear headphones supplied with a personal amplifier give you terrible performance try these to test your amplifiers.
I had another pair of sony's that shorted out on one side,  I  paid like 3o bucks or so and got a fair amount of use out of them. They sounded good and isolated the noise so much better than stock iPhone buds.  Great for riding my bike without wind noise. These are very similar but cost half the price.  Inexpensive enough and good sound.  I'm still thinking about splurging on  higher end pair of those "balanced armature" models and they probably will sound better but these are great especially for workouts and bike riding because they will get abused and the heartbreak will be ok compared to the price of the balanced models.
I purchased the white color. The look was kinda cheap, but ok. the sound quality was fine. But unfortunately,  one earbud stopped working after one day.
Inexpensive with great sound quality and comes with three different sizes of ear buds. Just be careful when you stow them. The cord can become frayed easily after some time (my second pair). Otherwise if you are looking for a cheap pair of headphones with great sound quality and comfort, I highly recommend these.
Once again, Sony didn't disappoint me. Sturdy earbuds with great sound. They do drwon out outside noises, so if your expecting a call or someone sneaks up on you, beware. :-)
Honestly. These earbuds are amazing.Pros: They Feel Really Comfortable  They're Dirt Cheap  Sound Quality Is Great for the price  Good Length(If you care to know)  If they go through the wash, They still sound awesome  EQ is pretty good. Treble is Clear and Mids are Mids not too high or low and The Lows Are  nice and Deep enough. its not overkill like some headphonesCons: Shouldve included an extra pair of earbuds tips of the same size.(all earbuds tips come off  Pretty easily)This is a Short Review but there is not much to say. If your looking for great earbuds for the price this is the one.
you get what you pay for!  very cheap price and quality...so beware of these headphones not working for very long
This headphones have a great perfomance, I really like it! I would like buy another in a different color as soon as I can
The sound is so clear and they fit really well in your ears.Great price.The only downside is that they do irritate your ears after a while like all headphones do.
I give it 5 stars because I mistakenly ordered it for Android and it is for the IPhone. I returned it for a full refund.
I've been buying cheep headphones from the corner store for a while now, and after a few weeks they always, ALWAYS stop working. Finally I decided to search for affordable quality earbuds online. These earbuds have surpassed the life of all my pervious corner store earbuds, and produces a better, crisper sound. They even take a beating and still work perfect. The cushions come off a little too easy for me, but not so easy that I wouldn't recomend thses earbuds anyone.
I have a pair of more expensive Sony headphones/earbuds, and recently one side stopped working.  I bought these to save some money with the hopes that this lesser expensive product (yet being Sony), would meet my expectations.  They do.  I enjoy a lot of bass in my music, and these deliver.
These are the only In-Ear headphones that seem to last. I've used some other brands before but they'd always start having problems after about four or five months. These have lasted for about a year with heavy usage. Also, They are also quite comfortable with the 3 different bud sizes that you can swap with.Definitely worth the price.
I have been through so many of these Sony headphones in the past few years that I cannot even count anymore.  For the price they offer loud Sony trademark sound, with good base.  The cord is more than enough for a grown man.  I prefer these earbuds to the typical Apple headphones.  My only gripe is these are not durable nor sweat resistance which is my fault for not looking. I workout pretty hard including circuits, crossfit, weights ect.  I can't fault the product for something I failed to realize, but buyer beware these are NOT for intense exercise or sweat resistance.  This latest pair barely last two months before the sound was effected.
Great sounding heaphones, really good buy for the price, i have not had any problems...love them.....highly recommended if you travel
I bought these to replace a pair a bought at a local store years ago for only a couple bucks more. I was hoping they were the same that I bought at the retail store but sadly they are not. The bass is not as clear, these rattle almost when played loud. I cannot max them out on my Droid Razr Maxx or it will sound horrible. My three year old Sony's didn't have that issue.Update: I bought these in the beginning of August. They stay at my desk at work and are used 40 hours a week. The right ear bud has now stopped working. The same problem it seems a lot of recent buyers are experiencing. I guess they don't make them like they used to.. Old pair lasted 3 years before this problem showed up but it was from putting my phone in my pocket and bending the wires constantly. This pair I did not use it that way and left them plugged into my laptop all the time to hopefully prevent this issue. Wiggling the wires doesn't bring the right side back to life either (like it did with my old pair) so I'm not sure this is a loose wire issue either.  Down to a 1 star rating since they lasted less than 4 months.
Sound quality is ok, but it has a low reliability... Unfortunately :(It says you have 1 year warranty, don't forget to keep receipt and warranty.
For $10 earbuds, these are amazing. Make sure you use the earbuds that fit snug in your ear for deep bass and rich sounds. I like how inexpensive these are for the sound quality you get. There is nothing I dislike about it. I use this when riding my motorcycle so I can listen to music or get direction from my smartphone. This is a Sony product so you know it's quality made.
dont like the sound. too muffled and distorted. didnt pay alot for it so im not complaining. but if you want good bass dont get this.
You know, one of the really frustrating things about earbuds is there is no way to preview them. not that I necessarily want to- ew. But this means you really have to rely on the reports of others before you take the plunge.I've read a lot of positive reviews of these buds and my expectations were high. I must say, I have no idea why anyone would rate these positively. They have the same problem that an unfortunately high number of earbud models share: unacceptably harsh and grainy treble. This interferes with my enjoyment of music constantly, to the point that on some tracks it actually hurts my ears to listen. I'm not being hyperbolic. I mean real, tangible pain. They are also heavily veiled, and by that I mean all the details are lost in the muddy harshness that predominates the sound.Also, for the love of God, earbud manufacturers, stop producing buds with cord sleeves along the barrel somewhere instead of at the end, where it belongs. This limits how easily people with large canals can get good isolation, which is key to sound quality with buds. I could only get it by swapping in quite large pads that were provided with another set of buds that just happened to fit these. I managed to finally get a passable fit, though the cord still makes it uncomfortable. Even when isolation is at its best, the high frequencies are tinny and harsh, so the fit is not the problem.I would pass on these. I certainly wouldn't buy them again. They've been relegated to my work computer where they will largely sit unused except to stick one in my ear occasionally to make sure an audio feature on a website I am designing works. There's no way I could stand to use these for the extended time.
I wanted some earphones I could use when I'm in bed or walking to class instead of using my nicer headphones everywhere. This does the job. Don't expect much bass or high notes, but it isn't horrible either. So far these seem durable, then again I take good care of my belongings.  Just be a little careful with them and they should last you a while. 8/10 would buy again.
I find this to be a great option for good cheap earbuds. They are around $10 and if you break or loose you just replace by new ones. The sound is good and they are comfortable to use.
the quality is good, and the line is very long, it is convenience. I like it very much ! !
Well those were a waste of money.  They lasted on ride.  A slight tangle with a helmet strap and the wire pulled straight out of the earbud.
Hi guys, I just bought a pair of these and if you want nothing but treble then fine.  These sound exactly like the free ones I get in the Marriott fitness room.  There is no bass whatsoever and very little mid-range - so their claims are not valid.  I am an ex rock musician so I know how the music should sound.  Save your money as there are some other Sony earbud based headphones that have a WAY BETTER quality of sound.  Buy these instead and you'll be much happier  Sony MDRE828LP/SLV Lightweight Earbuds (Silver).  Just about the same price.If you don't believe me - buy one set of each and see for yourself the HUGE DIFFERENCE in audio quality.  I honestly cannot believe so many people say these sound good.  It shows me why marketing and appearance has more to do with what people buy in audio gear than the quality!
Good headphones but they don't always stay in my ears, especially when I'm jogging. Solid sound quality for the price.
The left side of these headphones were quieter when I received it. Otherwise it doesn't sound too bad, and stays on my ear when I'm running.
i've had these for a couple months and (properly cared for) they haven't fallen apart. I wish I could say the same about all the Skullcandy crap I've had to replace lately.
for the money you will not find a better earbud. i listen to mine all day every day and usually get about 6 month out of these lil guys. skullcandies or others like them i might get 2 or 3 months tops. these guys sound great and last a while!!!!
garbage item. it's broken for less than a month and a half.  The return period just expired and I was no longer able to return it.
If u have apple or plastic earbuds, then u are going to THIS. The earbuds fit nice into the ears, creating a very comfortable experience. Quality wise, they are great. Not as good as beats though.
I have tried several different ear plugs and ear phones and this is the most comfortable brand out if 20 I tried.
I have had these ear buds for nearly three years now and they still work great! The sound is very good, and for $10 I don't think you could find a better value deal. I would highly recommend them to anyone!
I ordered these because I needed earbuds that wouldn't come out when I was jogging. These earbuds accomplish that aim but suffer from poor sound quality and noise associated with movement. So now my choice comes down to using earbuds that stay in place and put out weak sound, or those that sound great but always require me to adjust them.
these headphones are ok.... the highs are good the mids are ok and the bass is ok not to overpowering...  overall great sound quality.. i would recommend these for an average consumer
I have owned them before and damaged my last set, so I had to replace them with the same thing.
These are amazing. I have 5 pair and keep them wherever I go. Cancel noise for studying. They also last a while.
I love these headphones, and I have been buying them for years.  I bought my first set in 2007 when I bought my first i-Pod. My first set lasted three years before one of the earbuds started to crackle when I moved. I heavily abused them (shoved into my tennis bag every day before matches, shoved into my book bag after walking across campus).  They block out sound and have a great quality without being ridiculously expensive like other earbuds out there.
The left earbud started crackling and not working after about a month of semi-regular use. Be aware that although these earbuds are cheap, they are certainly not durable.
I bought two, and as i suspected one ear bud malfunctioned in a week and theother still standing. I've had them for a month.
For the price you can't beat the return on the price paid! Hopefully the wire doesn't crack and I lose one of sides to soon.
I didn't like these at all! I take perfect care of my headphones and these just broke within a month or two of use. The sound quality was pretty good but they didn't last like i wouldve liked them to.
Was looking for some low cost headphones to replace some beats that stopped working and these are very good so far.
Great headphones, don't tangle too often sound great. Use them everyday, best used with GZA's Liquid Swords album. Ten out of ten.
I just purchased this set of SONY MDREX10LP earbuds ($14.99) and for comparison, the cheaper COLBY CVEM79 earbuds ($11.50); both from a local drug store. The SONY's surprised me by yielding a duller sound, missing any highs and pumping low bass. Also there was a severe volume difference leading me to think that maybe there was an impedance mis-match with my iPhone 5. I also tried both pairs in my MacBook Pro and had exactly the same experience. Muddy base with no distinction of the instruments in music I had recorded myself and when listening to the same professionally mastered top 10 song.  Don't buy this headset. The funny thing is I had done a similar comparison test several years before and the SONYS for $11 (same model) won out over Maxell earbuds and Skull Candy (the worse of all tried).  Colby is usually associated with "Cheap" but in this case, the opposite is true. The Colby's had rich booming bass, overall clarity and distinction, plenty of volume and great high end that didn't distort even when I turned the volume up all the way (which made the SONY's distort). Bottom Line. FIND THE COLBY'S AND GET THOSE cause the SONY'S JUST DON'T CUT THE MUSTARD (MAYBE because that's what a knife is for), likewise, don't get them for listening to music either.  That said, they might work better for Sony products or Windows products.  Buy a few different brands and compare for yourself; if you value your listening experience.
I usually get earbuds that are shaped to sit in your ear with a hard piece of the end, but I decided to try a style with flexible tips for a change.I was disappointed with both the sound and the fit. The sound is awfully tinny and practically bass-less. Also, regardless of which tips I tried, they did not fit well in my ears and if I so much as brushed the cord a little, they would fall out. This made them frustrating to use and even when I did get them to stay in, they didn't sound good at all.
So I bought a pair of these about 15 months ago. I use them daily on my bike ride to campus, while studying, and in lab with my phone. I have not experienced the cord problems some here have, and I'm not extremely gentle with them given their price point (they spend a lot of time in my pant and backpack pockets). I have had a pair of JVC and panasonic headphones around the same price point, and they both lasted 4-5 months before the dreaded cord cut-out began to occur.As for their sound, I listen to pretty diverse music, from The Andrew Bird to Bassnectar to Brian Eno's ambient works. In all cases, these have pretty great bass response and differentiation between bass, mids, and his. I have never purposely exposed them to a 'burn-in' process, but I will say that their sound definitely gets richer with playtime.I'm so impressed that I have already purchased two other pairs from BB (on sale) for the day that the first pair dies. If you're in the market for $10 headphones, these would absolutely have my vote.
I use these for my Samsung S3 and while they are good sounding they cut out if the angled connecter piece that plugs into the headphone jack on my phone is facing a certain way, why wouldnt they just make a straight plug in connecter? Overall you get what you paid for which is a cheap pair of earbuds
Shipping was quicker than I thought, came in one day earlier. Earbuds are really soft, but the wire feels a bit cheap. Sounds good, but there's no mic. I get scared i will break it cause the wire is so thin. Love the fact that they are pretty long.  Other than that, they are good headphones for that price.
There okay but if u turn them u 2 much ppl can hear the way they feel in ur ear is great :b
These are pretty good. The one issue I have is that the rubber "earplugs" will pop off if you're not careful (i.e., pulling them out of your pocket). I've lost a couple that way.
As the title says, they are dull with the IPod, and painful on the ears. I purchased these at Best-Buy, as I like to physically see the product before I purchase something. Perhaps it was just me, but they didn't produce the best sound on my IPod classic (160 GB, 7th gen., for those that are curious). Not bad, not great, but useful as a back-up pair. They did, however, produce an EXCELLENT sound quality on my mom's Motorola Electrify. They were crystal clear, and utterly beautiful, with the phone, but not so with my IPod. I did have issues with the actual rubber earbuds, as no matter what size I chose, they were either too small, or too big, and with all sizes, I couldn't leave them in for 15 min. as my ears began to hurt from them. I plan on returning them, and will be looking to purchase the Panasonic RPHJE120K In-Ear Headphone, Black as an actual set. Hopefully, they will be as great as the reviews say.
Bought these before from a local Target. Great sound quality at a fair price. the white ones are very nice
sound reproduction is no better than a much less expensive model, but ear lobe insert is better than others to date
It took me sometime to write the review (3 more head phones). I got best of it and love it.
I love the sound and the way that they cancel surrounding sounds. they fit perfectly in my ear and are quite comfortable. they are just amazing.
Cons:Cord almost feels a little cheap and flimsyPros:Has been put to the test for several months now in the gym and no problemsStill great audio coming throughComfortable ear budsLight enough to rarely notice the cord under my shirtStay in my ears fairly well even when I'm runningOverall, I'd recommend these for anyone looking for a reasonable pair of earphones that have proven to last several months with no issues.
Look like Apple but they didn't hold up as well as Apple ear buds.  Broke the second time I used them.
The quality is better than the skull candy earphones that i have of the same price segment.The base is good and I am satisfied. The only reason I am not giving it a 5 star rating is because I think there are always products which can be better that I havent tried yet. However I would absolutely recommend this earphones for listening to music on your phone. However loud you play the quality is awesome!
I'm a ear bud novice and needed something that would allow for fitting for the first time and these fit the bill.  Can't really compare sound and I needed for talk radio which these seem to handle.
Left ear stopped working after about a month.  Too bad, they fit and sounded really good.  Oh, also does not have a mic which was one of my search criteria, must be miscategorized too.
Purchased as a backup pair/ were quickly turning into my favorite. Sony=High quality sound. Get a pair and see what I am talking about.
I purchased these headphones from a brick and mortar retailer at list price, so I had to pay a little more than the Amazon price. It's a good thing too, because the first time I bought them, I had to return them. The left headphone didn't work at all. I took them back and exchanged them for the same product. Although these work, they sound weird, it's hard to describe. The mid-range seems off and they have no bass whatsoever. I've had to adjust the equalizer in my preferred music player, which I've never had to do with any other headphones I've purchased.
Before I was going to buy the earphones I read the comments to see if there was any bad reviews but I couldn't find any, so I was surrten that they were good but honestly I didn't like them. The sound was low, you could hardly hear anything and in just a few days it seed to get worse. I wasn't sure if they got damaged through the shipping, were defected or they were just crappy headphones.
great value!  .  . I would recommend to anyone who wants to hear there music and there music only. . .  clear highs and lows
I used to use SkullCandy ear phones. I probably bought 8 in a year because of how often they would stop working. I bought these and they lasted at least a year with lots of heavy abuse. They've been dropped in water while washing dishes multiple times, caught in a heated crockpot between the stoneware and the cooker, dropped and walked over and who knows what else. By the end, I had broken the the little head apart so there were wires showing and it was STILL working perfectly. I bought new ones after my dog chewed them up and finally killed them.
The music sounds good. Nice high's and lows, but the vocals are terrible. Everything sounds like it is said through a tube. I cannot say I've experienced that with any other earbuds. I highly recommend looking elsewhere.
I've had about 3 sets of these, I will never stray. they fit perfectly and have great sound quality for such a tiny ear piece
I needed a cheaper pair of earbuds, but I don't like sacrificing the quality. I've been wearing them for an hour or so now and they are fantastic. They fit well and look nice. The only thing I'm concerned about is the thinner cord. I'm afraid they may not hold up in a few months.
I have found that I get much better sleep with ear bud type headphones on.I have several different brands that work great if you are vertical, but if you lay your head on the pillow they bite painfully into your ears. These don't. I've used them for over a month and they're very comfortable.  I can roll my head anyway I need to.I wish of course I could do without wires, but well... there you go, right?  I have a rather elaborate procedure of putting on my CPAP mask, then routing my earbuds through the tops straps and into my ears.  Then turning on my android cell phones player.  Even after the music/talk/hypnosis program is over, they are comfortable and noise reducing.  I am getting addicted to not having all the noise going on. Yet my alarm clock app wakes me up in the morning if needed. (rarely used anymore.)
I'm generally happy with products made by Sony.  However, these were already dead in the as-received state.  Hopefully this was an exception.
I really like these. The sound quality is good and the connector is "L" shaped so I don't wind up shorting them out after a week like I do with straight connectors. They come with three sizes of cushion, which makes them easy to customize. I wound up just making a pair specific to my ears with Sugru so I could jog with them in.
One side stopped working after about 5 months. I expected it to be longer-lasting as a Sony product, so I was pretty disappointed. You should know, though, that I used it on my bike rides to school, stuffed it into my bag pretty aggressively, etc. So maybe if you don't use it like I did, it'll last longer. ;) When it WAS working, it was amazing!! SO much better sound quality than cheaper ones I've bought.
I replaced my old iPhone 5 headphones for these and the sound is much better. Great product at a great price.
Just as described. Very fast shipment. Would def. recommend for the low price. Def. worth purchasing if you love the sony brand like myself.
Really nice headphones. Good price. Item arrived on time. Fits really well into the ear and doesnt fall out. Use it in the gym and the sound quality is good.
Bought these to replace a pair that conked out. For the price, couldn't be happier as I use them daily for my 1 hour public transit commute. Highly recommend.
I have had these earbuds for over five years with no issues. I use them working out, running and gardening with my iPod shuffle. The sound is clear and distinctive. I also have really small ear openings and have trouble finding comfortable earbuds that don't make my ears ache after a few mins or fall out while chewing gum. These were exactly what I needed. The smallest bud works and they stay in while running with no issues. I wanted to get another pair bc mine are looking a little gross after so many years of sweaty use and it would be nice to have a pair of really white buds and cord.
I think the quality of the sound on all of the Sony earbuds I've had is fantastic.  The fit in the ear isn't as comfortable as previous pairs but, for the price, you can't beat these.  I highly recommend them.
They are good for that prize, nice material and they fit nicely in your ear. They don't hurt and they don't come out
Only had these headphones for 2 months. At about 1.5 months, I started to notice the sound on the right ear bud to be  faint compared to the left one. Now the sound on the right ear bud is barely audible. Either I got a defective product or they are flimsy headphones.
These earbuds sit nicely in the ear, are comfortable, and are lightweight. However, the sound quality in the left ear was beyond bad. The volume was much higher and the sound was muffled. Not only that, but the sound levels are different for each ear making for a lopsided sound. These earbuds make for an unbearable listening experience.
I bought it to my father and he's not a pro user but he liked it very much. It's comfotable enough and the sound's not bad.
They sound awesome, good bass response, confortable. Works great with my laptop, cellphone, Tablet and others. Very confortable for my ears.
These worked great. bundled with gloves for free shipping. Plan on using heat shrink to make them last longer this time. Buy them. Right now.
These are my favorite headphones the quality is great, and the price was unbeatable, they have also taken a beating through a few of my runs etc, and they are hanging in there. Great product
I recomend this phone because is not so expensive and the sound is perfect and fits good in my ear. Love it!
This is my 4th or 5th pair of this brand, and compared to anything else I've bought on the market it's just so much better. The sound quality is amazingly high for such cheap earbuds. I used to go through headphones every 2 months or so just because of how much wear and tear I got on them, but this brand lasts twice as long and with much better quality than skullcandy or apple. I don't have too many brand loyalties to anything in particular, but this one stands out as the best on the market to me.
These headphones are great and have great bass, wonderful product by Sony, quality product indeed. I decided to purchase these headphones because I listen to music everyday just about all day so I need durable headphones that will not blow out, these headphones have been perfect and have great bass to them.
These ear buds give a good sound for such a cheap price. Adjustable buds for a good fit. Buy and enjoy!
It has great sound but it is uncomfortable to wear, it hurts my ears while wearing them so I bought the Sony MDREX58V/BLK EX which I lost 2 days ago since it is comfortable to wear and does not hurt my ears
The sound quality on these is beautiful, but one issue I have is that the volume seems to be lower than that of my other headphones! Since I don't listen to music very loudly, it's not a big issue for me, but I've noticed that while most songs I can keep my volume at 2/10, on this one I occasionally have to increase to 3- or 4/10.Not a dealbreaker for me, since I'm for quality over quantity, but to some others this might be an issue.
The sound is really good, but they fall out of my ears just walking around the house.  There's no way I could even do low impact exercising wearing these, much less running, which is the whole reason I bought these.  Waste of money.
There's two camps: Cheapie-Deepie's and High End Aficionados. Shortly after realizing truly how bad white earbuds really are, I quickly became associated with the latter camp. I splurged on a pair of Bose IE2 and can honestly say they're among the best products I've ever owned, solidifying the Bose brand as a company I trust and purchase from whenever I'm in the market.However, entropy once told me that everything eventually wears, and I can't keep dropping $100 on headphones that can't hold up to the aggressive wear-and-tear that my lifestyle induces.These are the cheapie-deepie's, but they have enough kickin' bass to keep a meager audiophile content. I've had to replace them a few times, but that's precisely why I went to the other end of the market. I'm always replacing headphones, so why pay more?However if you're a nice guy and take care of your s***-- consider the Bose IE2, I won't even go into how sick the warranty on those things are....
simply put, don't waste your money on these earphones, they are horrible, and i say that sparingly - deeply disappointed.
I needed high quality headphones for my voiceover work and this do a great job of providing full quality audio and keeping out external sound.  It's almost as good as wearing earplugs in terms of keeping out the noise when I'm editing.
I can't complain, in fact I'm using the earpods right now as every day at work, the sound is great and the price is also excellent, they are comfortable and well made. Go and buy this earpods, you won't regret it.
These buds have excellent sound quality, a low price tag, and look and feel great!  Sony does a great job with their earbuds.  Highly recommend these!
The sound is very good for headphones at this price. Wires seem a bit thin but normal for this price. Working well so far,
Good product at a good price.  I wanted a name brand and I have always had good luck with Sony  No complaints.
These headphones work excellent and have some subtle attributes which you often don't think about until after you've received them and suddenly have problems because of it.  I order for the price which is great at about $7.50 (including handling/delivery)  They limit you to three so (apparently) the shipping and handling they get per set covers their costs (and profit I might guess).1) Size of headphone jack is small enough to use with my iPhone without taking the case off.  Very important to me as I use headphones when I talk on my iPhone and taking the case off is not an option.  I don't like Bluetooth headsets because they are too costly for the frequency with which I loose them as is true for decent sets of wired headsets with mics.  So, I order and use these and simply have to replace them when I occasionally lose them (about once a month) or replace them when they do wear out (one buds stops working).  Needless to say my job is very active and I am extremely rough on headsets (dropping phone, knocking it off desk or car seat, constantly straining and stretching the cord and ear buds.)  These often make it three to four months whereas others I have ordered will fail within a month.2) the rubber used on the cord is flexible yet not overly grabby.  Some headsets the wired are stiffy plastic which makes wrapping them up difficult and prone to stick out from your clothes and catch on things.  Others have rubber that seams to almost stick to things and pull, catch or grab them when you go near them (like catching on things in your pocket (or even just the fabric of the pocket!).Two minor suggestions for future models.  The packaging is that stiff plastic that is very difficult to open cleanly without a pair off scissors (or you risk the possibility of damaging the headphones when it finally breaks free). I imagine it's to prevent theft by removal in stores where they are sold.  Also, I would like a 90 degree plug if possible while still maintaining the important thinness of the plastic around the headphone jack so case wouldn't have to be removed to use it.
You can not expect that it can screen noise from environment, but it satisfies my requirement.I think it's worth.................no thing nore
looks good, great sound for ten bucks, good fit in ear even if you don't shove em deep they stay, get em, good buy
These headphones were awesome when I first got them. However,  after only a month of use, the right headphone no longer works. I am highly disappointed that only the left one works now.
One bud flamed out after 3 weeks of use.  I do not advise purchasing this product under any circumstances at all.
The  sound was excellent. I really liked the way they fit into you ear. I like them because they are very to carry with you where ever  you go.
It has high quality and it is not expensive so I am very satisfied. The color is also very nice.
You can hardly find better for the price. I've been using those for 4 months, they're light and work just fine
Been trying all the sub-$15 pairs, this is my fave. I'm super active, so I destroy and lose headphones weekly.  This is at least my 6th pair of these Sonys.
Needed to replace an old set of earphones because they were hurting my ears. I bought these hoping that they were comfortable, and at the same time, worked well. I got the best of both worlds!
oredered on the 30th got em on the 6th i love these headphones! everytime i order on here the days go by so slow i swear it felt like i was waiting for weeks!
I have no dislikes. They are very durable and they work great. They rarely get tangled and they are pretty flexible; two things that I like.
Purchased these headphones for work and they relay great sound. Also, I have small ears and love the 3 options of ear plug sizes.
Sony has always made fantastic hardware beating out all there competitors by far but they just dont advertise. the sound quality is great, the headphones are the most durable ive had so far. 5 out of 5
I bought these to wear during my flight and they are just ok. The sound quality is not of the best quality.  The provide different size ear piece covers which I didn't expect. You get what you pay for.  They did what I needed so I give them 4 stars.
im using these, while im writing this. listening to Kendrick Lamar, B*tch, Dont kill my vibe. sounds great. definety got wat i paid for. cheap and worth it. you wont regret buying these.
This in-Ear headphone give me good sound. I am looking for a in-Ear headphone with sufficient distance from my laptop to my ear.  The one met my requirement.
Just purchased a set of the MDR-EX10LP in black. Basic info on myself, I am a DJ so I listen to music 24/7, thus I am a huge audiophile. My main concern when it comes to earbuds is fitment and sound quality. Right out of the packaging, they sounded great on both my Android and iPod (previously my iPhone 4 before I switched to the Android). For the price, these earbuds are hard to beat! Awesome sound range, with excellent bass as well. To many headphones advertise, "BASS" but what you end up getting is drowned out sound quality with bass overkill and not enough mids and highs. These deliver all the ranges with just a bit more bass, without sacrificing mids and highs. These earbuds can easily go up against of the higher prices sets from the $40-$100. I've owned plenty of earbuds from Skull Candy, Sony XBA1, Logitech UE, to even off name brands that you can find at the stores. Considering the prices of these Sony buds, I'd easily choose them over any Skull Candy product soley based on build quality as with recent complaints of Skull Candy cheapening their products to save money.Fitment wise, they offer 3 different sets of Sony color coded silicone ear pieces. They fitting that came on the earbuds fit me perfectly, but you can tailor the fit based on the other sizes. They are snug and don't fall out on their own (based on normal activity and such). The cord is the same rubbery type material that is on most headphones, so I foresee tangling as an issue. Additionally the cord makes mediocre noise when it brushes up against my clothing, however considerably less than other brands of the same price range. This has never really been a issue that bothered me.
This itme is fairly good quality as i have purchased quite a few different types of ear phones.  Nice sound.
There is like no base and it sounds like the headphones aren't actually in my ears... The only good thing is that it is decent at blocking out sound.
I love Sony. I have tried out and owned many of their headphones and other products. These in particular, Suck. The sound quality would be acceptable if the right earphone worked properly. I made sure to be careful while taking them out of the packaging, cleaned my ears, and still the right one was a dud. NOT recommend. Take some extra cash and buy some good ones.
Wow. These were terrible. I was listening to music and the earbuds FELL OF THE CORD. What a rip off.
I received the headphone and it didn't worked well in laptop, iPhone 4 and 5 both ones! Headphone pin had issue from 1st minute. Probably bad piece! Check instantly after you receive order! Never trust the seller!
The Ultimate Ears 200 Noise-Isolating Earphones, Grey offers better sound (and slightly better construction) for just a little more. I would highly recommend spending the extra and getting the  Ultimate Ears 200vi Noise-Isolating Headset, Grey which include a remote. It's amazing how useful this is for pausing and changing tracks without having to fish your iPod out of your pocket. There is also a version of this same headset with controls available here Sony DREX12iP/BLK Phone Headset.
These in ear headphones sound great. Why would you buy Beats for over 15x the price, and still worse quality? Beats hasn't even released technical specifications for their headphones. All they say is "Advanced audio sound." If you are going to charge that much money Beats, I want to know what I'm buying. Unlike beats, these headphones do not muddy sound with absurd base. Even though base is improved with these earphones, the treble is clearly heard. All in all, I'm going to trust Sony, a company that has been making headphones for 30+ years, not some cheap celebrity endorsed headphones that are more of a scarf to wear around your neck to make a fashion statement than actual headphones.
These have been the only ones that stay in my ear when I run, and I think they put out great sound.
For a pair of $10 dollar earbuds, it does the trick. The range is great, the sound is nice and doesn't leak sound either. I normally have a huge problem with earbuds but these fit my ears fine and I have not had any issue with them.
I go through headphones like crazy. I use them A LOT during a normal day, usually when I'm trying to sleep and not here my family making noise around me. I found these at staples and it was by a good brand I like. They were pretty cheap too. Well, a few months later, the left plug stops working. I honestly expected it to work a year. I've only had one earbud that lasted a year and was really cheap, but is no longer manufactured. The cable came loose. It works when I hold the cable and move it a little, but it no longer works normally. These sound good to me for an average user, but the durability was not very strong. If only I still had the warranty card.
These are great earbuds. My teenaged grandson loves them. They are comfortable and he says the bass is very good, too.
When these headphones work they are great. Help to drown out background noise very well and the sound quality is perfect. However they break very easily. I have had three sets so fair, first ones broke after a month of regular use. The second after a week, the final set was broken when I removed them from the packaging! Like I said they work great but are useless if they don't work, especially right out of the packaging!
The good news is that Sony has broken the $30.00 price barrier for a basic in-ear phone for listening to acoustic music.  The bad news is that, according to a Walmart associate, Sony is discontinuing these $15.00 models in retail stores. They are upgrading features to keep the price at $30.00+.  Sony often pulls that when technology trickles down and causes lower prices.I suspect the negative reviews on this model are coming from hard rock, bass-preoccupied listeners, rather than acoustic listeners who prefer balanced, accurate sound.Any further reductions in price are a strong indication that these earphones will be discontinued soon.
I don't know any other way of putting it but this item is awesome!  I use it for immersion reading & with my iPhone for my tunes.
This is a great headphone if your looking for a lengthy wire cord (as a HP desktop user, as the headphone jack could be far from my ears). It's also cheap compared to other headphone so you won't feel to bad if break a few... The downside of the product is that it could have funky packaging (some are good, while some have a rubberband holding it's content) and I am not to sure about the durability of the product since I go through them every 3-4 months
These earbuds are very comfortable and have great sound. Too early to comment on durability but they seem to be well made.
Loved the fit of these earbuds, but 6 months after purchase went to use and one of the ear buds fell off - no where to be found. I have no idea how this fell off since they are put on really tight. So now I need to buy a new pair to replace.
I thought these headphones would be okay.. i go to the gym alot so i wanted ones that would go in my ears so they wouldnt fall out while i was running.. i also sweat alot so i had them for about a week and while i was running i went to put them in when they started falling out a little and one got sweat all over it so it stopped working..But if youre not going to work out in the them i highly reccomend this product, the sound is AMAZING and blocks out any outside noise, they broke fast but it was my fault..
I am so amazed at the tremendous bass and sound coming from theseheadphones.Great price, and finally buds that fit my ear properly. I planto purchase two more pair before they are all out.
I am not a tech guru but I am a music guru and I require good quality music when I work out. These are perfect because they have excellent sound quality, they stay in my ears and I won't be too bent out of shape if I lose them because the price is right! Definitely recommend for the gym.
I received these after requesting them as a gift, they have amazing sound quality, very nice surround sound effect and are comfortable in my ears. For those who might be concerned, they are accompanied by three different sizes of rubber tips, these can be exchanged by squeezing firmly but not to hard on the equipped bud and slowly pulling straight off. The new size can then be pushed straight on to the tip, very simple.
I bought these just to work out in so they wont fall out when running, very satisfied with the price and product
No problems, graeat sounding, and great price. I would buy the headphones again! Actually bought 2 pair, and the wife likes her headphones also.
This ear phones have awesome sound quality, very affordable which makes a a very satisfied customer. + + + + +
I bought these in December and I've already had to retire them because the left ear bud has stopped working entirely. I wish the company would replace them; it seems like there should be some sort of warranty for such a short period of time.
These work great, they are exactly what I wanted, and they are comfortable. My husband also has some that he likes.
I usually buy these in black at my local Target, but I saw these much cheaper on here except they were white. I don't care about the color, so I bought them. Great price, great product. c:
is perfect. it is what i was looking for. i got it just in time so everything is fine. thanks
I don't generally write reviews, but these head phones are too awesome not to! They are incredibly comfortable. I listen to music on my kindle, and the sound is sharp and clear at any volume. If the volume is maxed out, (even if I have one earbud out), no sound can be heard from the outside. Great product! I highly reccomend!
These sound  tinny and a little harsh to my ears. The cheap earbuds that came with my 56 dollar Sansa MP3 player sound better.
it have an spectacular soundi recommend it and Powerful bass and high resolution trebleSecure fit hybrid silicone earbuds.
excellent buds  high quality sound....not cheaply made.  works great  very very happy with this recent purchase.  thanks all very much
Bought these on vacation to listen to my Samsung tablet.  Downloaded an EQ app just to make them listenable.  Hopefully I will never forget my AT fc700 cans again. Strident, bright, tinny, hollow sounding.
Comfort and quality sound. Perfect.15 more words required to complete this review. I did not need these. I don't think I will do anymore reviews!
it's okay. The sound quality is okay. good for the prices. Even though I wish it could be cheaper:) .haha
I really love these headphones they fit my everyday listening needs. I recommend this for everyday use go and buy this product.
Sony product for ear buds, sounds greatn fits well, very comfortable.The best earbuds I've ever had. Recommend thid product
I bought white one. The design is nice and the qualities of sound is good. The package is really good.
I needed my own set of ear buds and these work great!  I use them with my phone to listen to music and while I am sitting at my computer.  The overall sound is very good, from bass to treble, and they stay put in my ears while I am walking, even in a stiff breeze. The set I bought came with extra plastic covers in case any got lost. (No problem in that area.)  These have a very long cord.
Bought this as replacement for headphones that came with the Samsung Galaxy player. While the sound is more clear and rich, the noise isolation is worse than with the Samsung headphones. I hear every person on the bus, and worst of all traffic noise. Great only when in a quiet environment. Gave 4 stars because the sound (when it's quiet) is definitely the best of all headphones in the price range I tried.
i like the headphones put i think that the one thing they get you with is the ship they over pier it so i want be get headphones of of amazon but the were good i still have them the work fine.
They're pretty comfortable and the sound is good. They have good bass response but the highs are so prominent that they cover up the bass sometimes. If you change your EQ to something with more bass it can make it sound better. I personally like strong bass and these left me wanting more.
I really enjoy these headphones, and think they have great sound. However, I would not recommend them for runners simply because the wire between the splitter and the ear piece creates some feedback when it bounces. If you can find a way to steady this part of the wire, or simply hold it away from your body as you run, it is not an issue.Despite these headphones not being ideal for running, I absolutely plan on purchasing these again when I need a replacement!
These are the best ear buds and the price can not be beat. The sound quality is superb. They are comfortable and durable.
I order this item a week ago and I was patiently waiting. the item arrive early but i open the package and tried the headphones and to founf out that one of the piece work. i am seriously upset and no longer will buy at this product at Amazon
Sony is a big brand, when I found it actually sell low price headphone I was curious about the quality. it turned out it still keeps the Sony's quality.
I had those ear-buds since four weeks and they still work and the sound quality is very very clear and loud :)
It finally happened like so many pairs of ear buds, these went through the washing machine and dryer.  They work just fine still.
A very good headphone for the price. The leads are long and that helps out a lot. The ear buds are OK. A very good value
If you need deluxe earbuds, these are not for you. These have reliably good (not amazing) sound, and are easy to fit. I have a constant problem with most earbuds which fall right out of my ears; most are too huge for me. These fit perfectly, they don't budge, and just fine for listening while commuting (or anything else). A great value.
I had the dark blue pair for a while until the cord broke (cat chewed it).  I looked here for a replacement but ended up purchasing the white ones because they were $3 cheaper.  So far, they have been perfect and they shipped extremely quickly
Purchased this to replace a broken pair of Altec Lansing's because I wanted something cheap.  This turned out to be a great product.  I go to the gym frequently and the ear buds fit snug without falling out.  Due to frequent use, I expected these to break after 3-4 months, but I've owned them for over 1 year.  It gets a 5 star for durability and the length of the cord, but lacks any bass for all you "bassheads" out there.
The price was right... I thought I'd go with a set of Sony hoping for a little better quality than some of the other no names.They're light on the bass....lower efficlency (less volume) and sound quality not as good as the COBY ones that I was trying to replace...
Works for me . sound clarity good with good bandwidth and no hissing  noise problem and using it since five months.
These are great for the price, good sound and very comfortable. I was impressed how much sound is blocked out so you can hear your music perfectly. I'm happy with them.
The cord is a little flimsy but that's because of the price level. Otherwise they work great and the buds are sufficient to block out other noise. They are easily taken off so be careful when storing. Sony includes 2 additional sets of buds.
Good bass and are very comfortable I recommend these buds for people who are willing to spend about $12 brand new or used for less. Great earbuds
I bought two pairs. One for my daughter and her android phone the other for my daughter and her ipod. My daughter with the android phone works great she loves them. The pair for the iPod doesn't work at all.
So I needed in expensive headphones so I can watch tv while the hubby is on his Mac, He is able to do whatever and I do not have to over listen what hes doing.
I have all sony gear...so the headphones are a match. I wish they were louder.....but that is BECAUSE i am getting older i think....if it's too loud you're too old... if it's not loud enough...you've made it. :)
Ver nice headphones! love the sound that they make! I saw them at the store for double the price, happy :)
Perfect for gym  fits great and looks good. Quality of sound is OK Its little bit better than my old ipod headphones. The reason that i am giving 4 stars is the cord quality, apple headphones has much better cords
OK for the price paid.  I can hear all the music.  The highs and lows.  Very light.  They don't pull on your ears
These are great. they seem to be pretty good value in the box you get several different sized tips so you can find one that fits your ear. from the jack to the buds it is about 4ft long so plenty of cord to move around. they have a great sound and a very nice bass I have had mine for about a year now and they are still going strong and they seem to hold up pretty good. for the price these are great ear buds if I had a choice I would diffidently buy them again I highly recommend them.
Didn't expect the buds to be so little honestly... because of this, they can be uncomfy from time to time. Other than that, I'm a happy customer.
This is my favorite earphones. I bought these earphones because my old ones broke because my dog got a hold of them after a year. Great buy!
Inexplicably, one side of the headphones stopped working after 2 days.  This product is not worth the time & expense to return.
I love Sony's earphones. They don't break easily. I bought them for at least 6 months now, and it is still working. Great buy at $8. If you look for a pair earphones that won't fall out when you run/workout, this is it. Great product.
Excelente articulo, cumple con lo requerido!! Es de bajo costo y con la calidad que uno busca confiando siempre en productos SONY
A stonking set of ear buds for cheap money.  I've bought many pairs and given them to friends with earbuds less worthy.
I tried these headphones in lieu of the normal panasonic brand that I buy, these don't sound as good as the panasonic ear buds but their decent. The price and shipping were great. I would purchase from this merhcant again.
I bought these after reading that they worked well for jogging.  Not so much, however.  They are no more stable than my last pair.  But the sound is good and price was fair.  I just need to find that magical bud that stays put on a run.
The audible pleasure is astounding.  The wavelengths breathe through your bones from your ears.  I am going to spend all the time I can with them.
Don't buy this garbage!! Not even worth a dollar!! Sound quality is terrible!!!! Can't believe someone would manufacture & even attempt to sell something like this!!! What a waste of money!!
All I wanted was a pair of headphones that stay in and sound OK for listening to podcasts and occasional music.  This was it.
Excellent Product, great price, faster than expected delivery. So far so good, they sound great and fit my ears perfectly. Tip of the day: the white ones are cheaper than the other colours!
I ordered these because of the low cost and the brand. They are not for the music affecionado, but for me, they're just fine. I would recommend these for most people.
Considering their price, these earphones are a great value. No, they don't sound as well as my Sennheisers, which cost me more than ten times. They fit nicely in my ears but I don't like the unequal length of the left/right ear cables. I find this design to be a nuisance.
These headphones are very comfortable. They fit in my ear snug and don't come off easily. The quality of the sound is great too. I would definitely recommend these to anyone. They were a great price and shipped to me quickly.EDIT: It's now December 2013. I bought these headphones in January of 2013 and they are still going! Love them!
I bought a pair of these about three months ago at the local superstore.  They are attached to a single, immobile, device at all times, so they don't have to take the abuse of being wound up, bagged, repeatedly jacked in and out, etc.  Even so, the left earbud has developed a short that causes all sound to fail with the slightest head movement.  I didn't pay attention to the warranty period prior to this issue, but I wish I would've.  Regardless of price, a three month lifespan for a pair of headphones that have been subject to light use and zero abuse is not acceptable.  It is hard to make out from the pictures, but there is no reinforcement in the place where the wire enters the earbud.  A grommet or a bit of shrink-tape or something would've probably prolonged the product's lifespan immensely.  Some of the competitors offer one year warranties, and I will choose their products in the future.That said, the quality of the sound was adequate for a product in this price range.  I found the bass to be a bit heavy and the highs to be muted, but I suppose that depending on the source material this may be a feature instead of a drawback.  As with most cheap earbuds, the design and material of the cables and their connection to the earpieces causes an obnoxious amount of sound to be transmitted whenever the cables rub against clothing.  I would be willing to pay a little more for earbuds that ship with special noise-free coatings.
I was really excited at first but it was kind of disappointing because it doesnt have that good beat to it. I mean like when theres music theres always beat in songs. So i didnt really enjoy when i am listening to music. I traded this headphone for one of my friends for a IPOD headphone ones. I listen to music a lot.
Ordered this earphone only for less than two months, with very light use; however, one side of earphone died right after when the return window expired.
i bought these at walmart months ago, i wa looking for skullcandy titans but these looked like the best they had. i bought them for $15, and i am pleased with them. the sound quality is great for their price, never thought the 8mm drivers would sound this good. the bass is low because they are small, but that should be expected. if you have an EQ on your phone/mp3 player it can kick up the bass, my mp3 player has a higher end EQ so it does have some decent bass to it. if you're looking for just some cheaper headphones to get you by these would be a good selection, but there are better ones out there. if you're a basshead and you want bass don't pick these up there not the ones you'd want. but overall these are high quality. only concern in the fact that when i put these in my pocket and pulled them out the ear thing came off, could be a little tighter so they don't do that. these are comfortable and come in small/med./large sizes for the ear pieces.After hearing the OEM Samsung earbuds...these don't even compare. Don't waste your money on these, go for JVC or something else.
I purchased these Sony ear buds as a possible replacement to the generic pair that Came with my Sansa Clip. They are the older round style with the foam over the ear piece, which aren't too comfortable as well as not staying in if you turn your head. In terms of comfort and staying in, these Sony buds work great. They come with three different adapters for different ear canal sizes, sit easily in the ear without moving, and are also nice for blocking out background noise. In that respect they are a 5 star product.In terms of sound, I'm very disappointed. The are very tinny sounding and lack any kind of warmth. I would expect a name brand product to at least be on par with the what-ever throwaway set that comes with an MP3 player, but the generic Sansa buds are warmer and have a better bass response. I know a thing or two about audio, so I know ear buds won't sound like a pair of pro audio monitors, but these aren't in the same ball park. To try to loosen up the voice coils I thought a breaking in period might be necessary, so for a week I left them attached to my PC at night with some pink or brown noise running. This plus a couple hours of regular use still didn't get me much.If I have to wait 4 years (the age of the Sansa ear buds) for these to sound better, there's a problem. They were not expensive, but now I have to look for something else.Pros:Good priceEasy to find in most retail and online storesComfortableCons:The high frequencies are brittle, there is little warmth to the mids, and the bass is not good at allBreaking them in doesn't seem to help the toneUpdate:If you swap out the tips of these ear phones so there is a better seal in your ear, the bass performance increases noticeably. Unfortunately the mids are still very scooped. So you can get better bass out of these if you get some proper fitting tips, but you won't get a full natural sound.
Great headphones, great bass and overall sound and at a price that is cheaper than most other headphones.  Also sturdily built.
really good for the prices and has more base than my more expensive ones... good deal!! would buy again  thx
I have been using the MDR-E10's for years and was pretty happy with them.  But one day I decided to buy these MDR-EX10's for a few dollars more to upgrade.  I was shocked at how low the volume was!  I had my laptop volume all the way up and the sound was still low.  They seem to be pretty clear though with a brighter sound than the E10's.
The reason for being terrible is quality. These do sound decent especially for 15$ I paid at best buy.The quality however is the horrible end of these headphones, my first pair lasted 5-6 months before the right ear stopped working. Warranty, got a new pair. This new pair has lasted my maybe 2-3 months and the jack is issues connecting the right speaker. While this may last for a short period they are terrible in quality, by sound they are decent. Not to mention the use of the headphones were mild.If they work for you great but I've had two pairs and both have "broke" on me.
These earbuds are very comfortable and they have great sound.  The shipping was prompt as well, and I hope they last longer than pairs have in the past.
Sound quality is good for the price.  Good quality considering the price I paid for them.  Comfortable, stays in the ear well (3 different sizes of ear buds included).It's been over a year now and I found these earbuds to be much more durable than the Frogz earbuds.  The Frogz earbuds last me anywhere from 1-3 months, but these Sony buds have lasted over a year.  The Frogz buds definitely have much better sound quality, but lack the durability of these Sony buds.
With free shipping,the best price anywhere! Arrived quickly and am enjoying using them.Reasonably priced and great sound.I am happy with the amount of bass they can give out.
I use these everyday, while I'm walking, running, or at my desk on my computer, and I bought these back in July 2012. They are still working now (end of January 2013), and are in the same condition and quality as when I first bought them. I love them so much, I bought  another pair back in November 2012 to keep at work so that I would never forget them for when I go to work. They also have the added bonus of having an 'L' shaped connector, which is great for maintaining the integrity of the wiring close to the connector.
I choose Sony because they are a trusted name but these headphones are the worst. The slightest movement causes them to fall out of my ears. Not good for use while exercising or even walking.
These are not made very well. The rubber ear parts fall off alot and the sound quality is not good. Buy cheap and most often get cheap.
The right ear bud blew out within three weeks of owning it. I will be sticking with earbuds from 5 Below from now on.
Well if you are thinking about high class super bass then go ahead by $150. because this is less than $10.Its very good for the people like me who don't use regularly and only for travelling and some occasionally. I don't have any complain for this headphone and if this last 1 year and money is worth what you are paying.
Pros:-White cord-Blocks out sound really well-Good soundCons:-Feels like you are plugging your ears, you can hear your teeth scraping against each other really loudly, you hear yourself swallow, and if the cord rubs against anything, it sounds like someone waving sheet metal around.-Doesn't have a button to skip to the next song, or to pause.  I have to get my phone out everytime to switch a song.I wouldn't buy these again, but I suppose they would be good if you want to listen to things in a very noisy environment, since they do shut out outside noise very well.
The sound quality is clear and great for the price. These sound a lot better than my Apple Earpods, truth be told.
The next day that i use it one of the earphones stop work and i bought two more counting it and still the same probles but the sound is perfect is just the Calida
I'm about to order my 10th pair of these headphones. That's not to say they break easy, I put them through a ton of abuse. I use them over 8 hours a day during the summer where they moderately drown out the noise of heavy duty lawn mowers and other machinery. In and out of my ears, in pockets, thrown about, and they tend to take a few trips through the washer and dryer and still work. One ear bud usually stops working 3-5 months into the hell I put them through.For the price and how good of quality they are, they are worth every cent. At roughly $ 10 I cannot go wrong getting so much use out of them then simply throwing them out if they are to fail.
You get what you pay for, I guess. I was using Skull candys for years until I decided to try something different. These lasted me 3-4 months until one day I put them in, and they have that horrible scratching noise no matter what type of music I am listening to. They're basically useless now. Spend a little extra and get some that will last, so you won't need to buy new ones 4 months later. I'm going back to skull candy for my cheap headphone purchases.
Wonderful quality! I wear them when I run at the gym everyday and unlike most headphone, they project the music great and don't fall out of my ears.
Great sound. However within 2 to 3 days i noticed the right headphones writing was being faded away. Not a big deal for me as of right now but would be hard to tell if it was right or left if both faded
For this price, the quality of sound is good. it completely removes the outside noise. works fine with samsung galaxy smart phones. I use it for my work out and they perfectly fit the ears.would recommend this for everyone.
Sound was great but wires are so slim the left earbud stopped working totally after two months and I didn't even use them that much.
I bought these ear buds primarily for use when walking to class or going for runs. At $8, I wasn't expecting much. I was happily surprised by the sound quality, comfort, and build quality of these head phones.I am by no means an audiophile or anything of the sort, but as someone who is rather hard on my ear buds, I've gone through quite a few pairs. These ear buds could easily compete with others in the $20-30, maybe even $40 price range. They aren't perfect (and at this price they shouldn't be) but they're clear and loud, have great range and the capability to play any genre you could want. They also don't skimp on bass as many cheap ear buds do.They are extremely comfortable, I have small ears and often have problems with fit but the smallest tips that come with these fit my ears perfectly.I can't say a whole lot about durability as I've only owned these for about a month, but as I said I can be pretty hard on my ear buds and so far they show no signs of wear. The build quality seems to be great for a product this cheap and I'm confident they'll last me a while.
The worst I've ever bought. Don't expect to have them in your ears if you're doing any kind of physical activity. The lows disappear into the tin-can highs, and the terribly fitted ear buds slip from your ears every five minutes as your futile attempts at jamming them into your ear canals fail.
I replaced my Ipod ear buds with the Sony and they are much better for the sound of your tunes,
very good experience, I recommend it widely, the shipment arrived on time. the product was exactly the that I wanted
This was a great purchase. We were very satisfied and would recommend this vendor to others. The experience was positive.
I really liked these headphones they sound good and unlike many other headphones I have owned they didn't pop. They have a great bass for earbuds.
these headphones provide great sound for the price.  I have used them for a couple weeks now with no issues
I like the sound quality alot.  However I have small ears and even with the small ear pieces on, the rubber part just doesn't have that super comfy feel to it.
I don't understand why these earbuds get good reviews.  The sound is described by some reviewers as thin.  This actually means the earbuds aren't very efficient and you have to turn the volume up several notches to equal most earbuds I have used.I bought these as a replacement for a pair of Panasonic earbuds that got lost.I don't think these earbuds are as good as a pair of $5.00 no-name from China that I bought before I bought these.Yes the sound is thin - meaning you have to turn up the volume.The base is barely adequate.The fit average.Nearly no sound sound suppression.In addition the cord is very, very cheap.All in all a C-.
I rarely write reviews, but I have to say these are really good. I've owned jvc, a lot of skull candy and other brands of in ear headphones, but these are the best sounding and most comfortable ones I've had to date (compared to others in the same price range).
Earbuds worked just fine at first, but within two weeks, one earbud lost sound. Thought I found a great deal on a Sony product, but was mistaken.
I work in an office where we can listen to headphones while working. Prior to these I tried all sorts of earbuds and headphones and they all had their share of problems. Either the noise bled too much and everyone could hear what I was listening to, or they weren't comfortable enough to wear for 8 hours a day. These, however, are perfect. I have worn these all day, every day, for the 8 months, and they sound AMAZING* (* to me, if you have some super strength hearing maybe you won't like it, but to me it's AMAZING). They also fit perfectly and do not hurt one bit. I bough them from Best Buy for about $15, so the price here is definitely a plus.
Thin treble sound with almost no bass. Seinhauser headphones blow these away. Why ruin your music experience with poor sound? It is not worth it. Also, those who like to sing along will hear their own voice very loudly with buds that block the ear canals.http://www.amazon.com/Sennheiser-100-II-Ear-Miniheadphone-Black/dp/B002VPDOH8/ref=sr_1_14?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1353771520&sr=1-14&keywords=seinhauser+headphones
Don't fit into my ears. A good thing is they are sound reducer and quality of sound is very good and clear. No noise and they look good. I don't like the shape of the pin and the pin does not look long lasting. Good but not great
I loved them!...Until one side stopped working not even two months into usage. Why do earphones kick the bucket so fast when you use them constantly?? Someone please invent earphones that are resistible for every day gym users!
I can not use ear buds; they fall out of my ear.  These are extremely stable on me; they came with the medium size and I had to change it to the small.  I use them mostly for books on tape; the sound is great.  Definitely would buy them again.
These Headphones are comfortable, light and have a great sound quality, mainly the bass. It's a real good choice. I do recommend that!
I love these headphones. They're cheap. They sound decently enough. They're comfortable. Why only two stars? The earbuds come off far too easily. I had gone through 2 pairs before finally wising up and super-gluing the buds. I figured that would solve all problems, but it only solved one. The other problem is that one ear will eventually lose sound. It will happen, it is just a matter of time. The first 2 pairs I threw out for "lack of buds." The last 3 pairs I have thrown out due to lack of sound in one ear after about 2 months time. I don't abuse my headphones, either. It just happens mysteriously.So, you might be willing to take the risk at the low cost. You won't be disappointed if you glue on the buds and only need them for a couple months. I'm looking for another solution.
I'm no audiophile, but these set of buds work pretty well under normal circumstances of listening to MP3s and movies on the computer. Although the lines are a bit thin and somewhat delicate, the sound quality is better than other cheaper alternatives that range from $7 and down. This set is simple, sleek, and fits the purpose. I'm satisfied =)
Excellent product, light, smalls and powerful. The beats and bass lines are great and clear. Recommended 100% if rock and electronic music touch you!
This product is decent. It's not crappy at all, and it's just what I would expect in Sony earphones. I'm very satisfied with these earphones.
This was the first set of ear buds that I have owned. I got mine from Walmart though about two week ago. The quality of the product is great. When I first started using them, MY EARS ITCHED like crazy! I mean I could not listen to music for no more than 30 sec without taking a bud out and itching the inside of my ear. It was horrible. Today I came on Amazon to give a bad review, but then in the product description I noticed the mention of S,M,L sized buds that came with it. I remembered these, but I thought it was replacement buds.... They weren't! My ear canals are super small so I popped on the small buds and have been happy and content ever since.Long story short.... CHANGE THE BUD SIZE TO BEST FIT YOUR EAR.The End.
Their build quality is pretty good and I really mean it. I have them over 8 months and they are still working.After the 7th month sound quality started to get bad but it is okay. I used them around 2-3 hours everyday and it took my 7 months to destroy their drivers.I mean they are really good. Also I believe they have 1 or 2 years guaranty, Im not sure which. SO even if you destroy their drivers like me, you can send them to Sony (US ONLY) and they send you new ones!
I've been a long time Sony headphone customer for many years. It seems that one of the best kept secrets of the industry is the fact the Sony makes great sounding headphones and they don't charge a lot for it. These ear buds are cheap (I define cheap as under 20 bucks). I think they get overlooked as many people would look at them and think they have perhaps the same sub par sound as the included ear phones in many of today's electronics based on the price. They are are wrong.The advantage of in ear buds is that they are the original "noise cancelling" ear phones. Why? Because they plug your ear like ear plugs! This gives them a distinct advantage as most of the noise you hear is from the headphones.What makes these buds good?The tonal quality is good. Highs, mids, and lows are distinct and separate. The range is nice. The bass is strong. Sure you could get other buds that have stronger bass (even Sony has some that have stronger bass), but I felt this was enough to be quite present but not overpowering. I have a discerning ear. That being said I like my "lows" more then I like my "highs". I was not disappointed.The only con I can see is the quality of the wire might not be as good as others. Seems kind of thin even compared to my previous Sony ear buds. Overall it shouldn't be a problem as I don't really plan to wrap them tight or anything.Could you buy better ear buds? Sure. Bose, Sony, Klipsch and others offer them at premium prices. Could you buy better ear buds under 20 dollars? No way.
Great sound for a reasonable price. The different earpieces that were supplied as part of the parckage worked fine, and allowed for an even more comfortable listening experience
These have lasted several times longer than any Skullcandy earbuds I've had, and they sound better. All the headphones I've used are the inexpensive sort (I'm no audiophile), and these are probably the best. They sound clear, with good bass that's not overpowering. They perform well for my fairly diverse music collection.
Fast delivery.I received these a few days early.Sound is quite nice with clear-but-not-tinny highs and adequate bass that will not make your ears bleed. I like my ears and want them to last. :)Comes w/ 3 sets of flexi plugs for custom sizing.Overall, very nice earphones at a great value! I have paid twice the price for earphones of equal sound and quality, (can you say Skull Candy!)and highly recommend Sony MDREX10LP/BLK In-Ear Headphones.
These buds are a good deal for the price...great fit with a nice seal to block out ambient noise...not much bass, so if you're looking for some thumping earbuds, these are a pass, but for those just looking for an affordable pair of earphones with above average sound quality, look no further.
I love these headphones so much that I bought two extra pairs in case they break or I lose them.  The sound quality is superb.  I have tried some of the high quality Bose and Beats headphones before and I really don't think there is any noticeable difference in sound quality.  The price is also great at $12.  The pair I have has lasted me probably a year and a half and before these I went through headphones quickly.  Besides the great sound quality, they are extremely comfortable, they stay in my ears nicely and don't hurt my ears at all.  The only thing that I don't like about them is that the silicone earbuds seem to shrivel up a little bit and get smaller when it gets very cold (under 20 degrees F).  When it gets that cold they don't stay in my ears very well and I have to push them back in my ears every few minutes.  But if you don't plan on being outside in sub-freezing temperatures for long periods of time, I highly recommend these headphones.
The earbuds were exactly what I wanted them to be, they fit great in my ears, excellent sound! definitely worth buying.
I always had trouble with similar products with similar prices from Skullcandy.  They never lasted more than 2 weeks without one ear bud failing.  Since I've switched to Sony, the quality of the sound and durability has been an excellent value for the price.  I'm very happy with this product.
These are great for those people wanting really decent sounding ear buds that will last a while and are comfortable to wear. The multiple bud cup sizes will fit anyone, I usually have a huge issue with fitting buds in, but these fit just fine. Sound quality isn't stellar, but definitely better than any other $15 buds can give you. Definitely recommend them to anyone needing an interim ear bud or just don't want to spring for the expesnive ones.
That's not saying much. I put them in my computer and played around with the graphic equalizer. These headphones have a bizarre sound profile, with basically no low-end bass and weird mid-range.
the frequency response for the size of the headphones is simply great, you can adjust the headphones size with the size of your ears, blocking the noice from the environment where you are.
I use these as my running set. They fit the ear well and seem to be unaffected by sweating. Sound quality is good for the price. No buyers remorse on this purchase.
I bought these because I almost always buy Sony products and I've been really satisfied with another reasonably priced (~$30) pair of earbuds from Sony, but these are seriously horrible.  I thought I had lost some of my hearing when I put these in.  Turns out I have not, I just bought really terrible headphones.Buy these if you feel like throwing $13 down the drain, and then throwing $13 earbuds in the trash.
This is my second pair of these after couple years of use on my old sony earbuds. I dont wear them 24/7 but I do use them alot...Around the house, work, mowing whatever....They just finally bit the dust one day when I got caught outside mowing the yard and it was like a bucket of water started pouring out of the sky. =)At anyrate for 15 bucks these are solid all around great sound quality and easy on the ears. I have small ears and these are the best cheap kind I have found so far. If your looking for something better they make them but they come with a price tag too. Stick with these if your on a budget you wont be sorry.
Nothing spectacular but they work quite well and with good sound. I've been using them for roughly a month and am hoping the L-shaped jack will lengthen the life of them comparatively to those with a straight jack, with which i get about a 3 months life span.
These headphones are very good for the money. they fit well with a choice of three different size ear inserts and the sound stays crisp and clear even at higher volumes.
I got a pair of the black earbuds from a major store that has a great refund policy... I paid $15.First thing I noticed when I opened it was how thin the wires are.  Feels flimsy and cheap like they'd snap in half if tugged a little too hard.  You know the type, the kind you'd expect to find wired with generic 'buds.The little thing that slides up and down under the chin helps to keep the thin wires from flapping around in the wind against my neck is helpful.  Big whoop.The medium sized ear pieces are a perfect fit for my ears; I tried removing one to test out another size to be sure, and it was EXTREMELY difficult to pull off the rubber; it felt like it was about to rip in half.  They fit VERY tight onto the earbuds and removing them too many times will definitely rip apart the fragile rubber... glad it didn't rip mine but it did stretch the rubber pretty far.  I decided it was too risky to test another size and immediately it back on.  Goes on easy.As for the plug, it has the right angle design... that means much more stress will be put onto the thin flimsy wires at the plug, which is a VERY common cause for failure I've experienced in the past.  There is a prevelent myth that says this style will relieve stress from the jack itself because those whiners think that jacks going bad is more common than the wires wearing out... WRONG!  Cheap jacks are cheap jacks, they will wear out in no time despite how it's used.  As long as you've got solid hardware to work with, all you need is a solid pair of 'phones.  These will not stand up to the test of time.Ok, so now I have it...  It fits great, but wires at the plug will wear out quick.  If the audio quality is good enough, I would keep it....  But, here's the deal with the audio quality:My primary concern was frequency response.  It is listed as 8 - 22,000 Hz.  Using some audio engineering software, I generated some low frequency tones starting with 50, 40, 30, 20, and 10 Hz.  The actual lowest response I could get to work is only 20 Hz.  That means the lower bass frequencies of my music will be totally lost!  I didn't bother checking the high end of the range.Overall, the audio quality was exactly the same as the Skullcandy Dub earbuds, which has 10 mm drivers, max power of 30 mW, and a listed low freq. response of 20 Hz.  Even though the Sony earbuds say it can handle up to 100 mW of power, cranking up the volume still doesn't pump out the extra low bass frequencies that I should be able to hear... and my hearing is more than fine; sometimes too perfect.I've already taken them back now after trying them out for a few weeks.  My next pair to sample is a JVC Marshmallow HA-FX30-B, which has a similar frequency range of 8 Hz - 20,000 Hz.Conclusion: the Sony buds are "ok" because it's better than nothing, but it's not what I paid for.Serves me right for thinking Sony might have started to make good 'phones again.
So I was hesitant to buy in ear headphones and ended up getting 2 different brands.  This was one of the cheaper ones I found and they work well for what they do.PROS:* Good sound reproduction.* Labeled clearly on the outside, plus a notch on one to distinguish it quickly by touch* A cord connector that prevents excess tangling of the headphones* 3 sizes provided of headphone coversCONS:* WILL FALL OUT WHEN JOGGING (at least on my ears)That one con is enough to take the ear-buds from a 4 to a 3, otherwise I recommend them.
- jst bought this product as well , nicce product is all i can really say, keep up the good work -
This item was received as described, and works great!!  For the price, it was an excellent buy, and I would recommend this item to anyone looking for a cheap headphone solution.
I just bought a pair of these last night and they're terrible. I like having the bass up but whenever I play a song with bass, I hear crackling in my ears. Now I have to go through the headache of trying to get my money back. This is not worth the $15. My advice: save your money and keep looking.
love these sony headphones and for the price you can't go wrong! i usually go with a wider range than the typical 20-20k Hz and when i see a price tag of 15 or less, i think of it as a great deal.
I bought these on sale at a well-known office supply store.  The MDR-EX10LP has a tinny sound with very little bass.  They are acceptable for speech but not for music.  Of course, at this price range one cannot expect high fidelity.  The earbuds included free with my Sansa clip are far superior.
If you have an iPod and like the headphones, you're one of the rare few.these are an inexpensive replacement.
I bought these because I am a fan of Sony products and I wanted them for the gym. I ended up using them mostly with my mp3 player on my phone and I can say that the sound/audio quality is great! I have every kind of music, techno, heavy metal, pop, soft/hard rock, dance and instrumental,...etc. Everything sounds perfect! As far as bass, treble, mid/low/high range. I hear it all! I use my headphones almost everyday for at least an hour and I can say it is definitely doing the job for me.The only issue I have is the earbuds sometimes need to be pushed back in my ears from time to time. Yes, they do have 3 sizes. I tried all of them and the smallest feels best, but like i said they don't always stay in for me. I hope this helped you out!
These are comfortable, durable, and block outside noise well, but the sound is rather shrill like many others have said, making the overall sound quality pretty bad if you are an audio enthusiast like I am. If you bought these and hate them and are looking online to see their reviews like I am doing right now... at least check out this modification I did below before throwing or giving them away!First, let them play at a moderately high volume all night hooked up to your computer (not so loud they distort though) so the speaker/ driver inside loosens up which improves the bass quality. Then the next day get out your super glue and apply a thin layer or two of glue all over the little black foam filters  until little to no sound comes through after it dries. THEN, get a sewing needle and carefully poke 2 or 3 holes through each filter for the sound to be able come through which will be more balanced/ less shrill. Just be careful not to poke so far that you puncture the speaker on the other side. These do have deep and clear bass which is there, you just can't hear it till you tone down the treble a lot. Make sure you also have a good seal in your ear with the proper size tips. This modification worked for me and has now turned these into more enjoyable earbuds.Sony designs other earbuds that I own this way (the sony pq6 model) and they sound great so that is where I got the idea for these which are somewhat similar in design but lack the pinholes.
I enjoy these headphones quite a lot, the three different ear piece sizes are really helpful and fit my ear really well. They have relatively good sound quality although you can hear your music through them if you have it loud. The physical quality is so-so, though. They only usually last about 2-4 months. I had to buy a new pair to replace my old ones after one side stopped working, which seems to happen a lot.
Bought this earphone because I used to have a sony in ear and it was pretty good.Terrible purchase. The sound in completely dead and flat. No bass at all.Even after 40+ hours of burn in, nothing changed.Only good point about this item is the price. But paying $5 more you can buy something 1000% better.
These Sony Headphones sound better then any other earphones ive owned even better then the previous Skullcandy's i owned and also cheaper.
Goood Headphones. Nice sound with compact style = awsome headphones overall. . . . . . . . . .
I am able to say that within the first 5 mins of receiving this product I am more than happy! I love the quality and the tone of all my music through this earphone! If you think skullcandy are good earphones you are going to be completely blown away. Shipping came before they promise, which is always good! Earphones are completely untouched brand new!
these headphones are long enough and the sound is good. I have lost them though :/ They were in very good condition
Work great!  Sound awesome, and the length is ideal for what I use them for...but found that the L fits much better in my right ear, and the R in my left.  Strange!
Love these. I am no audiophile, so when I say they sound good--that's definitely a lay perspective--and they sound fine to me.  They fit my ears which is a big plus--I hate hard earbuds, especially the stock Apple earbuds.  My ears are not shaped like that--so they hurt.  These don't.Great price and quick delivery.
I can't bring myself to spend a ton on ear buds that get lost/trashed so easily when taking them everywhere. So I've been looking for a cheap, comfortable set of buds with good sound quality. This is them. I've tried several that I didn't like, mostly because the mids were all funky. Either too much low mids and they were muddy, not enough mids for a scooped sound, or too much high mids for a honky sound. The mid and highs of these Sony's are fantastic. I wish there was a little more bass but for the price I can't complain, and I can always boost the bass from my phone which is what I do and its fine. These are a great deal.
These headphones deliver pretty good bass, and are (in my opinion) the best headphones for this much money. I got these at Walmart about a year ago for 15$ and I gotta say, theses are my favorite so far. The pads that come with it are very comfortable, I can listen I music for about 8 hours until I have to take them off. They leak sound if you get ear wax in them, (yeah I know, gross) and don't sound that good, but for me just take a q tip and do swirl motions on the part were the sound comes out and they're good as new.(I can't remember the name of it right now) The cord is pretty good, and is just the right length for putting an iPod in your pants pocket. I only have one complaint about it, it tangles super easily. But hey, what do you get for ten dollars. For me, since my ears are small, the earbud comes out pretty easily if I'm walking or something. If you touch the end of it when it's in your ear, it makes a really super loud noise in your ear, which is kindof annoying when you're putting it in your ear or it's rubbing on your coat. The noise cancelation is pretty good. When I ride on the school bus, and it has the chains on, I can only hear a faint tire noise. (Which Is saying a lot, it's about as loud as a train going by haha) As for the rubbing noise, if you rub the cord to, it makes the same noise. I'm sorry this review is scattered and not organized, but I'm writing these things as I notice them. (I'm listening to them right now) The highs are pretty good too, but the bass is probably the best part of these headphones. Best pair of backup headphones or cheap ones.
Very effective, good-looking. I am very satisfied with the product.I recommend it for its functionality.Full trade my expectations, interesting purchase.
These headphones perform as advertised; good sound and great durability.  I wear them when working out and they have no problem working when sweaty.
I just recently lost my apple earbuds.I saw the good reviews for this and thought they would be a good replacement.I was wrong. These reviews are misleading. I'm kind of angry and baffled at all these reviews with a high rating.These are the worst ear headphones I've ever used.- No Bass- Cheap materials- Awful soundI would only take these if someone payed me to take them. And then I would use them for cordage.
The Sony MDREX10LP/BLK In-Ear Headphones is great! It's loud, zeros in on the bass when listening to from your computer or phone, although my computer does not give out a loud sound since the volume only goes to a certain max, the sound is still crisp and clear.  If you use a receiver, it will probably sound louder.  Thanks seller.  Awesome product!
Ive gone through countless pairs of earbuds in my days. After buying one pair of these, they have already outlasted any other pair ive ever owned by over 9 months now, but are also the best sounding pair ive ever worn that cost less than an arm and a leg. 5/5, will buy again when i eventually lose or break my current pair (so far about 13 months and still going strong)
So I got these headphones as a last resort after my last 6 or so pairs broke due to earbuds shorting out/ plastic edges falling off.  I have to say that the quality of sound will not disappoint: amazing bass and crystal clear sound, especially for the price. The design is sturdy and very comfortable in my ears, so no pain at all!  Also loved that there is a protruding dot on the left earbud to allow you to quickly put them in the right ears.  Thought that was a ice touch!  Had to give it only 4 stars though because when I put them on today the left earbud had shorted out, so now I have one working earbud which will have to do until I can buy a new pair.  Disappointed that they broke, but they sounded great for the 3 month that I had them.
Before using, I highly recommend trying out the various sized tips to properly fit it to your ear.  It comes with the medium sized tips already on, but they were too small for me.  I wasn't getting any bass until I tried the next size up and that made a huge difference!Given the price, these earbuds are excellent.  I was surprized how good the bass was given the tiny size of the earbuds.  Again, getting a tight fit is paramount to enjoying any bass.  I know mine are on tight when I feel I slight suction when taking them off.They stay in my ear quite well (once I switched to the bigger tips), and I have no issues with them slipping out when I'm exercising thanks to the non-slip silicone material.  Overall a great set of earbuds given the price.
I am a huge fan of music and have gone through so many earphones to the point where I was just getting tired of getting the wrong pairs. I needed some durability while still holding great sound quality and these earphones delivered. Sony is known for amazing products so I didn't hesitate to try these out, and believe me I was beyond amazed. My old earphones would only last less than a month and I wasn't in the mood to keep buying new ones, these have lasted me over 4 months and so far still great sound quality as the first day. BUY THESE if your are looking for a cheap but durable set and you will not be disappointed at all.
I love these-they are very comfortable and sound pretty good.  You can't beat the price.  I have tried several earbud style headphones and I have to say-these are my favorite just because they are SUPER comfortable- I have actually fallen asleep with these in my ears!  My ears are smaller and other brands have just been too big and not comfortable at all.  I have actually ordered a few pairs to keep on hand just in case as backup.
I picked up a pair of these after my sennheiser cx500 earbuds died because i wanted something now and am broke.  The sennheiser quality is in my eyes unbeatable for under 100$, and these are the standard that i hold other earbuds to.  However, for the 15$ i spent on these el cheapo sonys, i couldn't be happier.  They sound good with hardly any burn in time.  The highs are crisp without being brassy, and the low end is solid.  The low end is full, bass is crisp, tight, and very responsive with a quality equalizer (i use the power amp app on my smarthphone, best 5$ app you can buy if you value your music quality).  Instruments all have good clarity and are distinguishable.  The back of the buds have a semi pointy side that was starting to cause some discomfort, but changing the earbuds to the opposite ears solved this.  Otherwise, from an audiophile standpoint, these buds don't really push much air.  That doesn't mean they can't achieve high decibel levels.  It means that it lacks the "kick" that you find in higher quality earbuds.  The frequencies don't really pop out at you as a result of the clarity that comes with higher end earbuds. Some of the sennheiser's greatest qualities are the way that warm  midrange frequencies floated out of the speaker, highs were clear and warm as can be, never tinny and brassy, and the low end was rich and clear.  The sony's come pretty close to this, and the difference is negligible i'm sure for most.  For the price, i'd say sony hit a homerun with this product, and would absolutely recommend these to anyone who hasn't realized how much better music sounds with a sealed ear canal speaker than with those godawful iphone headphones.
So the first pair of these I bought was white from Toys R Us for $12 after tax.They will last almost a year through normal use.  I myself use them with my ipod nano 6th Generation that I wear as a watch for work and for use with my stereo in my truck through an auxiliary cable.They usually last for around six months for me being that I use them with my watch while I am at work building loads for the beer company I work for.  I would run the wire from my watch underneath my undershirt, behind my neck to my ears, (When we were allowed to do this, not anymore).  Still with all that pulling on these they would last me for around 6 months, which was better than I expected.I have always used sony headphones (the cheap ones, first then these).  I have discovered for the price these are a very good deal, and I have to say that I am not the kind of person that treats things very delicately.The pair that I am currently using have been with me for a year, and keep in mind on average that means attaching and unattaching about 5 times a day on average.Overall well worth the money, and great sound.
I absolutely love these! The sound is great. It cancels out any outside distractions for people who like that function. I'm impressed with the Bass and it's clarity. The removable rubber ear buds are great for those who are worried about the sanitation of using in-ear buds. And there are color options for fashion as well as size differences so it fits so as not to fall out or feel discomfort. I really recommend these to people who want to experience a full high-quality sound for a low price.
I love these headphones!! But these are my 3rd pair :( The bass is very crisp and clear and excellent noise cancellation! But you have to be very gentle with them!
I really needed a temp earbuds since my main ones just broke. I bought these for �9 at Selfridge, and was totally disappointed the moment I put them on. The standard Apple earphones are 5 times better than these.Pros:1. They fit nicelyCons:1. You can hear it when the chord rubs up on your clothing2. All the songs will sound hiss-ie, the bass is super low3. The ones I got didn't work right away, I have to fiddle with the end of the chords since the sounds kept getting cut off on one side.If you must have one temporarily then buy it, but you will most likely throw these out. If you don't care about sound quality then these will be fine. I would highly recommend you spend a little more and buy something a little better.The vibrations and noise I hear when it rubs up on my clothes is annoying as hell!
The Sony MDREX10LP/BLK In-Ear Headphones are surprisingly good!  I just received a set as a Christmas "stocking stuffer;" what a treat!  The headphones came with three different sizes of hybrid silicone rubber earbuds (S, M, L).  The earbuds are very comfortable, and block almost all outside noise while you're using them.  This could be a little dangerous, though, since if you're the type of person who listens to music while walking to work or something, pay close attention to your surroundings because you certainly might not hear honking horns or screeching tires.  Again, I received this product as a gift, and I'm thoroughly pleased with them!
I'm glad I bought these ear buds. They have worked well so far and I would recommend them to a friend.
Disappointing purchase.'Was' exited  to plug in the Sony MDREX10LP/BLK* to my MP3, but immediately knew they were NOT nearly as good as my MDR-EX35*The sound was much thinner, alarmingly thin sound with almost no bass!You would think the newer version of the Sony MDRs' would be better,. they are not.Really blame myself for assuming{{*exact same EQ settings for both headphonesAdd: The Sony MDR-EX35 headphones have gotten some bad reviews because the cord was pulling on the earpiece causing issues.>>>> The day I got mine, I carefully put a tiny drop of 'thick' Superglue where the cord goes into the earpiece.It's invisible and solid. I'v used my Sony MDR-EX35 headphones for over a year w/ heavy use.You just don't rip headphones out of your ear by the cord.....
I have owned 3 pairs of these headphones now. I am an avid music listener, and I could not find a pair of headphones with decent quality, comfort and a cheap price tag. These are about 9 bucks at Best Buy if you go when they're on sale. After living with the headphones that came with my iPod for about 2 years, these were quite the upgrade. Sure, they aren't Dr. Dre in-ear headphones, but for 9 bucks, these are awesome headphones. They deliver a great range of sound. The treble is clear and it has a pretty rich bass in my opinion. I've owned many normal headphones and they always left me with an ear-ache and poor sound quality. These come with sizes that fit anybody. The size that is on the headphones when you purchase them is too big for my comfort and they are SO easy to change out. However, the reason why I did not give them a full 5 stars is because their durability is horrid. I use them everyday, in and out of my bag and those only lasted me about 3 1/2 months. The wires are very thin and weak, and I think that with all of the wear and tear, the wires just tear up inside because in that time, one of my earbuds was totally dead. I wish Sony would give their wires about another inch of thickness. I would buy a lifetime supply of these. Overall, awesome headphones with a short lifespan. But for 9 bucks, I think it's okay for how much I use mine.
Well they cost less than 15 bucks so don' be expecting Beats Audio quality ok!?I use them for the gym, and for jogging, they fit perfectly in my earsnever falls, really comfortableI'm not an audiophile, but i can tell the bass is not that strong, but is theregood for isolating a little bit of noise, when you put them in max volumen you won't hear a thingother than your musicthere's no voltage noiseGood for pop rock and some electro
I usually have no problem with these kinds of cheap 10-20 buck earbuds. I've used mostly Sony MDRE828LP and Sennheiser MX400/MX500 and I've never had an issue with any of them. After my Sonys died recently, I decided to go with these in-ear buds for something new.Unfortunately I wish I had just gotten another pair of the old Sony MDRE828LP. I am very big on treble and these were sorely lacking in that regard. The sound from the MDREX10LPs was so hollow and had absolutely no life to it. It sounded like the garbage disposable headphones that they give you on airplanes. Luckily I also found a nice deal for a 2 pack of MX400s at the same time so I bought those as well and switched them out one after the other and the difference was incredible. Even my broken MDRE828LP with a dead right earbud sounded nicer.These look nice but the sound quality is horrendous. Look elsewhere.edit: I did also try all 3 sizes of the included earbud inserts but they are all varying degrees of bad.
I bought these on a whim in a big box store because my old Sony ear buds finally gave up the ghost. These have turned out to be even better, with crisp clear sound and, best of all, they stay in my ear. Not sure what's different about the inserts, but these are more comfortable and stay put. I can sleep on my side them in as well. Best $15 I've spent on audio gear in years. Because I used them in bed listening to my iPod, I wish the cord was a bit longer. Still, with the comfort and sound quality these give, I can live with this minor fault.
I got these buds June 17th, 2011 from my local Best Buy at $15.Something I immediately noticed was that the silicone earbuds sound muffled if you don't use the right size. Sounds obvious, but I have tiny ears and had to use some extra small ones from a different pair (the included sizes are S, M, L). The packaging says, "produce[s] high-resolution treble & midrange with powerful bass," and doesn't disappoint!Though not sound-isolating (standing next to me, my sister could still hear my music), they provide very nice outside noise cancellation (again, be sure the silicone is the right size!).Things to note:I've had these buds for almost two months. I've used them every day and they're holding up fine--no problems with wires separating, etc.I'm writing this review prior to going on vacation, and will update once I get back, whether or not they are still doing well.I haven't had noise-cancelling earbuds before, so I haven't any points of reference save for other reviews and the packaging. However, I do believe these are very good with noise cancellation.These are inexpensive buds. Dedicated audiophiles will probably want to hold out for some noise-isolating headphones.You might have to buy more interchangeable silicone buds if you have rather large or small ears.This model hasn't gotten many reviews online yet because it's fairly new--dated April 2011.Overall, perfect buds for my needs. I use them every day and pay attention to sound quality, though I don't want to spend $30+ on buds or other accessories for good sound.Hope this has been helpful. I'll answer the comments/questions as best I can.
The only thing that would make these better might be if they included an Apple style volume control/mike on the cord.  But that would increase the price.I use these to listen in bed, and they're very good at cutting outside noise because of the neoprene tips (you get three pair of different sizes with each set of earbuds, so you can pick the right size for you.)  Unless you want to pay a lot for high -end buds, these are well worth it.
Product arrived in excellent condition.  However, the sound isn't as good.  I guess you get what you paid for.  If you guys want a cheap headphone to use whenever, these are the ones for ya.
I just threw this away because only one of the head phone worked wasted my money its ok better luck next time. you get what you pay for
So, the Head phones came in a nice pack way before expected delivery, so thumbs up to the seller. Its actually quite a deal if you go to see that you get some Sony head phones for this cheap. Now these headphones are designed for everyday use and I bought them for it. I have other head phones for the quality sound entertainment. But for everyday use you prolly wouldn't use you 40$ headphones and so for me these headphones, Sony MDREX10lp/BLK are perfect. Like i said not bad for a couple of dollars!
The're relatively cheap and work well.  The extra ear pads are nice to have for ear compfort.  Don't need anything more elaborate..
These headphones are just excellent I had the monster turbines before these and these are right below them it's just missing a little bit of bass but otherwise they're worth the bang for your buck
Just as the picture.The product was in a perfect state and arrive at time. I'm very happy with this purchase.
I use a pair of these every 6 months or so.  I am very abusive to my earbuds and have given up on the really costly ones.  The price is right for 6 months tunes in bed and when they die (usually one ear goes dead) I just pick up another pair.
I got these to use at work, cord is too short to reach the computer speakers behind my monitor, not nearly as much bass as other reviewers had indicated.
I bought these for my dad for Christmas so he can use them with his bluetooth cell phone device he uses on his motorcycle.. Usually you get what you pay for but these work well above their pricing level-- very satisfied