I use these as in-ear monitors on stage while playing bass. The sound is great, the low end is very clear. I'm still working on the fit, but have only been using them for about a week. Very pleased so far.
I assume the earphone is designed for professionals, who need to wear them for a long time. The design is not user-friendly at all if you want to take it off every now and then, because putting it on will take you a minute! You have to pull the string behind your ear EVERY SINGLE TIME. If you already have something hang up on your ear, your glasses, sun glasses or like me, simply like to put hair behind ear, it becomes very embarrassing, and I have to do all kinds of awkward action to put it on.The sound quality is OK, and remember, you have to keep high quality songs/player to empower it.
I use them for biking and they produce a lot of wind noise. Sound is good when I'm stopped.
These are my second pair of earbuds after years of relying on headphones.  I bought them to replace my Klipsch X4i which developed a short circuit just a bit more than a year after I bought them (and, natch, just past the end of the warranty period).Background:I am not an audiophile.  I dislike heavy bass music.  Indeed, I dislike loud music of any kind.  I use earbuds/headphones primarily to listen to the radio and mp3 files while walking (of which I do a lot, in quiet neighborhoods and busy city centers).  I neither run nor do any other kind of exercise with them.That said:1. SOUND QUALITYI do notice a difference in sound quality between these and the Klipsch X4i.  I think it is richer, but audio performance is so subjective, individuals have such different wishes, that's about all I can say.2. COMFORT/FITIt took me a couple of hours to figure out how to use my first earbuds (Klipsch X4i) and get comfortable taking them in and out.I spent probably close to 12 hours over several days trying to get the Shure to not only fit, but fit comfortably, and I still can't put them "on and off" as quickly or as easily as I can the Klipsch X4i.You can see from the image that these earbuds are both bigger than ordinary earbuds and shaped differently.  I assume the engineers figured that the shape/size combination would help seal off outside noise more effectively by putting a bigger barrier in the outer ear.  Unfortunately, I suspect that they must have tested the design on men with ears of a certain size.  I have to tug and pull and twist all parts of my ear to try and get these to fit snugly.  And when I got them to fit "properly" in my outer ear, the inner part, the part that extends into the ear canal with the eartips, never, ever quite get "in".  I could get the inside more or less plugged up only by letting the exterior body of the earbuds sort of stick outwards from my ear.These earbuds are, not unexpectedly, also heavier than my previous earbuds and not pleasantly so.  I switched from headphones to earbuds precisely because I found the pressure of the former uncomfortable.  On a short walk, this doesn't matter so much.  At first, they are a bit uncomfortable.  Then I get used to them.  But on longer walks, the discomfort returns and I pretty much can't wait to get home and take them out.3. NOISE ISOLATIONWith the supplied eartips, noise isolation was close to zero.  I tried them all.  I even tried making my own out of standard earplugs (there's a lifehacker video showing how to do this: http://lifehacker.com/5347245/make-comfortable-noise-isolating-earbuds-for-less-than-a-dollar).  I did once, for a few minutes, manage to get a good seal in my left ear but I haven't been able to reproduce it.  No doubt, with enough time and effort I might.Then I discovered "pluggerz - music" in a Walgreens (in the section with various kinds of earplugs).  These are the standard triple-flanged earplugs one can usually buy to block noise, but they are designed for use with earbuds.  I've never liked this style much; I prefer the softer, rounded foam earplugs. $10 for two, but I was getting desperate.They were easy to attach to the Shure and almost immediately gave me incredible noise isolation.  I still can't get the body of the earbud to fit snugly in my outer ear, but other than its probably looking peculiar, it doesn't affect the noise isolation.Others have mentioned the background "noise", the sound of the cables, while using these earbuds.  With the supplied eartips, which provided almost no noise isolation, I didn't notice this.  With the pluggerz, I do.  In short, there seems to be a trade-off between hearing a certain amount of outside (traffic, etc.) noise but nothing else and hearing little or no outside noise but having this kind of hum/white noise/cable movement in the background.CONCLUSIONI plan to replace these with a more  conventional style of earbuds as soon as I can afford to do so.  The pluggerz give me good noise isolation, and the audio is really quite good with the Shure, but they are simply way too uncomfortable for extended use - for me.
First off, these sound decent. The clarity is what I would expect from a $100 pair of in ear headphones. The real reason I don't give it more stars is because I can't stand the 64" cable. I prefer working out with in-ear monitors and the cable is just way too long for me to put my phone in my pocket while I work out. I end up getting it caught on just about anything. I thought about upgrading the microphone/remote cable, but after seeing the horrible reviews on those, I'm thinking I'm just going to return these and get something else.
No joke. These are quality headphones.
My husband snores SO loud & these ear buds totally block him out. I also like my bass & I got it now!! Shoulda bought these a long time ago had I known about them! Worth every penny!
Sound great and fit nicely under a motorcycle helmet (if you are careful enough to get it on).
I've owned these for a year now and it beats the 15$ ones I used to get that kept breaking and sounded meh.
I like to listen to music when I ride my motorcycle, especially on long trips.  I went through many different earbuds from different manufacturers before buying these.  I wish I would have found these first.  The music fidelity is good, most of the wind noise gets blocked out and I can still hear surrounding noises to respond to traffic.  I bought the replacement cable so I could adjust the volume or turn off the music.
These take a little bit of figuring out the first time you put them on, but after that, you get to enjoy great sound quality and isolation. With the headphones in and no music, outside sounds are reduced, but not quite as much as you might expect. (I suspect the brain compensates and raises the apparent volume.) However, once you put music on even at a volume of 10% or so, that's all you will hear. And it will sound great. These are not bass heavy headphones, they have a balanced sound good for everything from pounding electronica to Irish traditional.
Great sound and the tips are nice, I ordered some comfort tips for better fit. The fitment around the ears is great, stays in place when running, lifting weights, situps/laying down and doing jump rope. There seems to be no noise/rub on the wire and it is nice and thick. Not an issue so far and I've had it for quite some time now. I use it at the gym constantly. The 3.5mm tip is a bit on the clunky side if you have a nice thin MP3 player/phone you are using but not causing any issue just thought I'd mention it
These are excellent IEMs for the price, I don't have a large amount of experience with other in ear monitors but the sound through these is crisp and clear. The bass reproduction is pretty good, it's not too heavy at a neutral level without any enhancements but they can give a nice big clean amount of low end if you increase the low frequencies. One complaint I have is that the foam sleeves that come with the monitors are very difficult to remove, luckily they fit me fairly well so I haven't bothered with them too much. Also, I would recommend getting the black ones, it's very difficult to see the left and right letters on the clear ones which I bought. Overall though, a great product from Shure!
Can wear the earbuds forever. Sit great in my ear. The multiple sleeve options make sure I get a good fit. Great sound.I keep looking at earbuds that cost ~$200 more and hten come back to this one because I can't justify the added expense.
Cheap price for such amazing quality. I have Bose IE2 and the wire broke. Bose said I can purchase a new set at a discounted set for $70. I  no and I ended up with the Shure. Best decisions on in-ear headphones I made. They fit great and does not come loose a d they also sound amazing. The Sure has a more "life" feel to it then the Bose where it has a "flat" feel to it. I also use the Comply foam so sound isolation is really good. Better then the Bose IE2.I won't even compare them to Beats because its not even fair for Beats. Comparing Shure to Beats is like comparing a finely tuned supercar (Shure) to a turbocharged Civic (Beats).The SE315 was another one I was looking at but I go though headphones quite easily just due to all the travel I do and the amount of usage I use them for, $200 was a bit much for me to  spend but the SE215 was in my budget and they are amazing. The fit does take a little getting used too but not too bad.
These are the best in earphones I have ever tried with great sound quality. I have used them for music, watching movies and gaming. The sound is very clear with awesome bass. I have had mine for over a year and they still work like new.
Great isolation. Great cord. Bass does bleed through the mids a bit. Use an amp with a. Eq and it can be cleaned up. But a well built set if iems with good low end.
These are pretty nice.  They took a little getting used-to, especially in how to put them on.  After a week or so it becomes automatic. They really are sound-excluding, so don't walk or drive with these.  You can't hear a d@mn thing besides your music.  My wife hates them.  Some may consider this a bonus.Music is clear and crisp.  I was able to turn the volume WAY down, and still hear everything.  In fact, I'd warn any buyer to be VERY sure the volume is turned way down first, before turning the music on.  It will hurt like H3LL if you play at your normal earbud type volume and you just plug in and go.  Trust me, I've done it several times.These are probably the best headphones I've ever tried.  The experience reminds me of the first time I heard the headphones on a walkman years ago after years of AM radio.  A new world.
These headphones are the bomb I love them and use them for church.
I use these as in-ear monitors on stage while playing bass. The sound is great, the low end is very clear. I'm still working on the fit, but have only been using them for about a week. Very pleased so far.
just got these today so i am still exploring, but first impressions are GREAT! i've had a couple other sets of noise-isolating earphones before but these WAY outperform the others, both in noise-blocking and in sound quality. (most recently i had a klipsch set with comply foam tips for extra noise reduction.)the SE215s come with several different sizes of foam ear buds so you can find the perfect fit. bonus feature to that is the fact that the units swivel on the cable. so far, for me that means they seem much less likely to yank out of the ear. (used to happen to me a lot, hasn't once yet...)sound is crystal clear and balanced. (i use the 'bass booster' setting on my ipod, for whatever little bit that does. next i'll be adding an alpen DAC headphone amp once it arrives in the mail.) and i commute on the NYC subway, which is loud as hell from screeching turns/breaks and rattling metal to loud-talkers and generally large amounts of white noise. but today i listened to music i could NEVER enjoy before and the environment faded right out. in fact, there's enough reduction that i might advise people who'd be in danger if they couldn't hear something of their surroundings to get a different product.another nice feature is that the units are detachable so that if your cable bends/breaks, you don't have to throw out the whole set. just order a (cheap) new cable, swap, and off you go! this was a selling point for me, along with the strong reviews, as the last two sets i've had both went bad where the cable enters the earpiece.one feature that's not a negative, yet, but might get tedious: the cable is rather long, so from ears to unit-in-pocket there's a lot of slack. maybe enough to get annoying/caught on stuff or tangled. maybe not, we'll see...but it's definitely longer than the other sets i've had. for whatever that's worth...another possible drawback is that the cable is just the 'raw' wire with a very thin clear coating. this seems to increase the sound-in-ear of the cable rubbing on clothing, etc. (the klipsch come with a cable coated in special "no tangle' rubber that was a lot quieter against fabrics when the cable moved around.) so far this isn't a disaster--and the 'naked' style of the cable looks cool--but it proves to be the only negative i can find so far. certainly not enough to make me wish i'd chosen another product!
These are a nice design, they are very harsh in the 6-8KHZ frequencies, limiting the volume. the bass is good, I'm not much of a 'Bass Head', but with these its not overpowering. To me, they are quite uncomfortable, i have small ears. So that may be a problem for just me. Worth a look, personal opinion.
After using for a year, one of the wire sometimes not too often has the problem of connectivity (no sound on that side of course). Though the wire is replaceable, it is pretty expensive like 40 dollars. Anyway, it is easy to carry with. I usually take it in my pocket. The small bag provided greatly reduced the possibility of wire messing up with itself. One problem is that in a cold winter day like here in Michigan, the wire becomes really stiff if you know what i mean.
These are the perfect headphones. They have "memory wire" and so can fit snugly on your ear while you are jogging. They feature a replaceable cord (replacements are a bit expensive at like $30, but still, a very nice feature). They sound great. They are perfect.I've used a number of earphones over the years. These sound better than the Etymotic MC5's to me. At least they are more tremendous while still giving good detail. And they fit better, have better ergonomics. The other are the Meelectronics M6 sport. Those are significantly more affordable, at around $20, but they don't sound nearly as good.Don't bother with other headphones, which fall out of your ears, have their cords get frayed, etc. Just buy one pair of these, and be set FOR LIFE.
These are *amazing*!  Listening to music at a comfortable volume, I can't myself snap my fingers.  Total isolation!
Love these things.I bought these mainly for traveling on airplanes and they work amazingly. The foam tips are great, easy to put in (Just like foam ear plugs) and they block a good bit of noise.Sound quality is pretty good as well. i am sure the're better sound quality headphones available, but for the price these things are great.Read other reviews about the poor cable quality. I've only had these for a month or so and don't use them everyday so I can't speak to the quality yet. I do plan on wrapping them to avoid issues just to be on the safe side.
Definitely a good value.  Great alternative to over the ear headphones.  Decent bass response for the size and cost. Blocks outside noise as well as in ear noise protection.
I ordered and tried several in ear phones based on "best" lists of professional online reviewers and Amazon reviews, trying to find the one that sounded best to me and had at least acceptable comfort.  I ended up keeping these Shures along with the Beyerdynamic MMX 101 iE.  The reason I kept the Shures is because of their warm, balanced sound.  I can play these loud without any hint of harshness or listening fatigue.  Played loud they sound quite punchy and have solid bass output.  The midrange (vocals) is very smooth and accurate.  Treble is very good, but could use a bit more extension.  This is hard to do without adding harshness.  I will always prefer a slightly rolled off treble over harshness.  These are a bit of a pain to put into your ears, but once in, they are quite comfortable and provide a tight seal with excellent isolation from outside noise.  The build quality is second to none in this price range.  By comparison, the Beyerdynamics I mentioned earlier have more bass output, more accurate bass, not quite as good midrange, and similar treble.  The Beyerdynamics also have a wider soundstage than the Shures, but much lower build quality.
I love these, they're absolutely perfect for working musicians that need affordable in-ear monitors for performing. They're also perfect for working in noisy environs (like power plants or constrction) where you need hearing protection, but want music while you work.The sound quality is amazing. Rich bass, sweet mids, and tight highs, everything is reproduced perfectly. These are near reference quality, which is better than you'll need in any of the aforementioned situations.Buy these!! DON'T BE STUPID.
I listen to mostly rock, metal, blues etc and these are perfect.  Once I found the right nubs that fit my ear
good effort
so amazing~~~
Amazing clarity despite being a little bulky and having a thick cord. As sound is the most important aspect in buying headphones to me, as well as noise cancellation for drumming, these are really top notch.
i really love it
Great sound and truly noise cancelling.  I did "break them in" by playing them for 24 hours at my normal volume a mix of music but I cant say I noticed a huge difference in sound quality.  My only issue with them is that they are currently lost and I cant use them
Took a while to get used to, and to find the right ear bud. But when I did, wow.
nice earphone
My choice for the motorcycle. Better then I even expected.
Great!
After my delightful and hardworking Shure SE315s finally decided to break after 6 years of pretty much daily use (replaced the cord 2 times), I needed to find a replacement earbuds. After reading a lot of reviews and contemplating, I realized I was not over my 315s. Once you've experienced amazing sound on a daily basis, going back to cheap earbuds is almost "painful". However, the 315s were a little too pricey for me to replace at the moment, so I decided to go with the 215s. Checked a couple of other reviews and it seemed like there wasn't too much of a difference.Surprisingly the SE215s are a little more bass-y than my old 315s. The sound (to me) sounds pretty similar. Same high quality, heavy duty cord from shure, and as someone who used to go through many, many cheap <$10 earbuds, heavy duty cords are a godsend! The foam tips beautifully mold to my ears and it doesn't feel like anything at all. I love how they include many different sized tips (foam and rubber ones).I don't have too much to say that already hasn't before, but if you're trying to decide between SE315 and SE215, the 215s are a great choice, not only because it's about $100 cheaper, but to a lay person who's not an expert audiophile, these are great!
Loved these ear buds.The cord is really long but you get used to it. Very solid build.I love that I can replace the ear bud part of the headset that usually fails first. I love to foam ear pieces.I've read that the replacement cable is sub-par/in mic option which is a little scary as I might need to replace that part soon.Beats (gaga/diddy/lebrons) I've tried them all and they all failed in a years time. Finally gave up on them.The Shures SO MUCH BETTER. The sound quality is incomparable. Crisp high notes and the bass isn't lost either. No excess sound gets in.
sound quality is amazing,  great headphones for the price.
No es lo que esperaba en la calidad del sonido.
Awesome sound.  I have a bunch of earbuds but these are the best.  Like these better than my Bowers & Wilkins C5 and my Klipsch S4's.  Takes a little getting use to putting them on but worth it. Use the foam tips for best seal against ear canal and sound.
Muy buen producto
Great comfort, but the wire gets pulled to the back after a while.
Before I actually review this item I want to mention the seller "The Variety Spot" that I purchased from Amazon through. They are the BEST! I recently purchased a Rolls PM351 personal monitor and got the Mee Electronics headphones that appeared in the 'also purchased' section of the listing. Those headphones could not handle the sound, particularly the bass coming through the unit. I was in a tight spot because I wanted to use the personal monitor for some gigs coming up fast. Through research I found that the Shure PE215 headphones would probably be the best match since they are made for this application. I asked The Variety Spot if they could help me out by shipping ASAP and guess what? It was out the door within a couple of hours and with USPS 3 day priority mail! I received the unit in 3 days and am so happy to be using it  in time!The unit itself is solid. Shure sells some higher models that probably are better but for the price you will probably not find earbuds that can handle something like a stage monitor system as well. I play bass and sing some and so naturally I want those coming through. I  tried several headphones including the Mee Electronics, some Smoking Buds that I had lying around, some Sony earbuds and some Monster over the ear headphones that I have. None of them could handle the bass coming through the Rolls PM351. The Shure PE215 earbuds are sometimes slightly overdriven by the bass but other than that they do the trick very nicely. No surprise since they were made for this application. As a bonus they are the best headphones I have for listening to my music from my devices. Very balanced sound with the punchiest bass you will ever find. I believe that Shure also makes a model with a mic if you want to use it with your phone.For the price you will not beat these earbuds for stage or just listening to music!Thanks Variety Spot!!
I've had these for several years now, still going strong, no problems.
Not a good purchase.  They are very hard to place in the ears.  I have bought Shure before and will not in the future.
http://www.shure.com/americas/products/earphones-headphones/se-earphones they sell these on the actual wesite for 100. 50% off my ass! Oh yeah and BTW WTF is SE215-K is that a way of saying if the product is not working correctly Shure is not responsible for it?
I listen to mostly rock, metal, blues etc and these are perfect.  Once I found the right nubs that fit my ear
the left one sometimes does not work well just about 10 days after I bought it.
Good product I have been using it for the past three weeks and months flaws
They were a good buy, they sounded very good and so far nothing seems wrong with them.
These are great. Good sound quality and the ear pieces provide good ambient sound insulation.
Everything the description says. I use them everyday and the construct seems very durable. Its just a bit annoying trying to put them on because of the way the wire are coiled above your ears.
I like nice sounding audio. These are incredible clear, clearest in-ear phones i have ever had. Only downside is the way in which they fit in your eat. Not exactly comfortable or easy to pop in and out. I like the technology and the looks, just not the comfort.
I really like the earbuds,but the cables are terrible.tryed emailing the shipper but they never responded to my email. i guess i have no choice but to buy another cable at $25 which is terrible considering they may not last any longer than the first ones.i wish they would because they really help kill the noise and they also sound good and are comfortable. For $100 they should last longer than a month!!!!
I bought these to test them out with the in-ear monitor that we use in my band and I was extremely impressed with the sound quality. The sound field is extensive and very nicely balanced in the hi, mid & low frequencies.  The bass is punchy and solid without overpowering the other frequencies which, as a drummer, is very important to me.  The fit in and around the ear is excellent and provides excellent sound isolation so you hear what's in the ear monitor without being distracted by ambient sound.  I let my bass player try them and he absolutely loved them.  I also have a pair of Sony MDR7550 pro audio ear monitors which are awesome but, I'll tell you, for the price, you cannot beat these. They are very well designed and the detachable cord is a big plus.  I will definitely be buying a few more sets of these!  Shure really hit a home run with these bad boys.
Excellent sound quality, really filters out noise...A little tough to getpositioned correctly in ear, but once in, they rock!
Very good sound quality and isolation, tottaly recomended!!
Good
good
I hate it.  Ordered Black, received USED clear headphones.  Who would wear  used headphones?  Simply not acceptable.
Not for hard rock bands.
6/9
great once you get the right tips for your ears, but the contact has issues.  the music cutting out when you tilt your head a certain way sucks (irritates me on the treadmill).  Great sound quality for the price though.
Great quality - use them under my helmet - should have bought them years ago!!!!
These were a great purchase for use as in ear monitors and daily headphones! The sound quality is amazingly crisp and clear and the bass is solid. It really depends on what music you listen to though (I prefer rock and the thumping lows of the kick drum sounds great along with bass guitar when turned up a bit, but it's not too bass heavy, very evenly distributed highs, mids, and lows). I really enjoy the feature of the removable cord so you don't have to waste money on another pair if the cord frays or something. As for fitment, I like the extra earbuds included so you can get the feel you want. Also, the stiff but bendable end near the earbud sometimes loses it shape but it's nothing too big, I'm just being a bit critical. Sometimes it just needs to be messed with a bit to fit right. The fact that the cord is wrapped in Kevlar just adds to the durablity of the product, which I find is a nice touch. I'm not sure why anybody would spend $100 more to buy the SE425 when the SE215 has the whole package at a much better price. Overall 10/10 would buy againOne last note- while using these as daily headphones people thought they were hearing aids (I got the clear version). The black version is a good choice too but I find that the clear is better if you want it to look discrete and semi invisible.
I am a musician who enjoys recording, playing live, and listening to my favorite artists in a way that does their music justice. For in-ear headphones I use these! I can't wear these headphones for a very long time (all day), but the sound quality is very crisp and clear. I also like traveling with these. It blocks out a lot of noise and sit flush against my ears so that it doesn't hurt to lay my head down. I've seen some reviews where people have trouble hearing out of their headphones, and I would suggest doing what the company suggests...use the cleaning tool they provide and make sure the passage way is clear of dirt. For over the ear headphones I suggest Bose SoundTru over the ear headphones. They are incredibly comfortable and I can wear them all day if I wanted to.
I don't have enough great things to say about these little things. All in all, I have tried ME Electronics dual driver earbuds, and the SE 215's beat them. I tried the Sennheiser HD 598, and SE 215s beat those too! And by clear margins, I had my roommates try and test the headphones with me too, just to get a more sound opinion, and not sound like I was crazy. For a little under a hundred dollars, you can transform your sound experience with these little IEMs. They pack a serious PUNCH. If you haven't tried them yet, you are really missing out.The sound isolation and the way it cups into your ear is very awesome too. They have a set of tips, you should test each of them to see which one keeps most snug in your ear. Once that is done, it really makes a huge difference. The outside world is completely shut out, and it's just you being transported into a different world. You'll hear sounds you never heard before.Seriously, amazing.
I've had these 1 1/2 years now, mostly for jogging or gym work. They are great! Better bass than other earbuds I have tried. Takes awhile to get used to putting them in your ears, but the seal is tight and you block out a lot of external noise. So, these are also good on airline flights. My set once went into the washing machine for 15 minutes, in a shorts pocket, before I noticed. I let them dry out for 2 days, and they worked fine.  About the only drawback is that they are like fishhooks, constantly snagging on everything. If I bundle them into a hand-full, it takes a minute to untangle them at the gym. Small price to pay for such good quality.
I really want to like these headphones. Especially after spending an extra$50.00 for the iphone control cord. I've had them a couple of months, and listened with different ear buds with the same results. Muddled sound. No treble and not good base. The head phones that came with my I phone blow these away. I'm ready to throw them in the trash, but I'll use them now and then hoping they will sound better. No luck so far.
For the price, I thought it was only okay. I needed a replacement after my Meelectronics A161P broke. A161P set a high standard for sound quality for me, so although this pair was great on certain points, it just did not meet my expectations.Pros- Excellent sound isolation - I wore these while commuting on the train, so that's a huge plus- Mids and highs were great- Cables were thick and gave the impression of sturdiness, and the ability to replace the cable is a nice thoughtCons:- Fussy, clunky and uncomfortable - People warned about this, true, but I still wanted to give it a shot. I've never had to adjust earbuds so much! They felt too big in my ears and would often stick out. Also, I had to adjust the cable over my ears too often. It's a deal breaker.- Not balanced - bass heavy. The bass level was too distracting for me. This was disappointing because many reviews hailed this pair as being "balanced". Clearly, it's not. If you like extra bass, this would be a nice feature, but not for me.- Sitting unmoving was fine, but once I started walking, every move I made produced that "underwater" feeling. Also very distracting. I've had a few other noise isolation earbuds where this was a minor setback.- Cable was too long. When walking around it can get caught on stuff- Didn't care for the carry caseOver all, for how much it cost and the list of cons, I felt compelled to return this item. After this pair, I realized that I much prefer balanced armature earbuds like Meelectronics A161P. The only gripe I had about A161P was that the cables were flimsy and so the pair didn't even last a year. But the noise isolation was also excellent, and the "underwater" feeling was minimal compared to this pair. (If you love extra bass, you would probably not like the A161P.)So next I got Etymotic HF2 (similar price level), and I'm far happier with that because it has:- Balanced armature drivers and to me more sound balanced than these Shures (great mids, highs, and bass level was strong but not overpowering)- Excellent sound isolation- Not clunky and fit well in my ears- "Underwater" feeling was minimal- Cable length was just right and seems sturdy- Nice carry case
After breaking these bad boys in, I can say that I really like them. They have ample bass, and mids and highs that are just right. The foam eartips are airtight as well. I can't hear diddle with them in, which I like but some may not. It also includes silicone tips, which I would imagine would be a little less air tight, but I haven't tried them yet.  The cable is solid and feels like it should endure the inevitable tugs and pulls that all cord will experience. And the cord is replaceable, which is nice because that was cause of all of my previous headphones kicking the bucket. For the price they are definitely worth it.
Both the earphones which i purchased, came in  good packaging and the sound quality was awesome. Good amount of bass, music clarity was awesome & the isolation from external sounds is damn good, as the ear buds contours to your ear shape. Wires are good and thick. Suitable for both indoor and out door use too as the wire goes behind your ears and wont slip that easy.
Good
Great ear buds!! Worth every penny
Easy to use, perfect sound and isolating outside sound is a new world. I plug this to computer and guitar quality is top for the price Ill call it a ganga
These SE215 K Live are okay. For the sound quality I think they're a little over priced. If you stick any earbud deep enough in your ear they'll sound decent.
I am a musician who enjoys recording, playing live, and listening to my favorite artists in a way that does their music justice. For in-ear headphones I use these! I can't wear these headphones for a very long time (all day), but the sound quality is very crisp and clear. I also like traveling with these. It blocks out a lot of noise and sit flush against my ears so that it doesn't hurt to lay my head down. I've seen some reviews where people have trouble hearing out of their headphones, and I would suggest doing what the company suggests...use the cleaning tool they provide and make sure the passage way is clear of dirt. For over the ear headphones I suggest Bose SoundTru over the ear headphones. They are incredibly comfortable and I can wear them all day if I wanted to.
I have heard that these in ears were amazing, so I bought them. They sound amazing! I would buy them over and over again
These are easily the best headphones I've ever used. They meet my demands for music and it really brings out the details in lots of my songs. The sleeves do a great job of sealing in all the noise and keeping the ambient noise out. It also helps that they're very stylish (IMO)
Right side stopped working first 30 days
Love these, bought them because I lost my 4 year old predecessor pair.  The audio quality is stunning, from lows to highs with little to no distortion.
Very good at isolating sound passively, take a few days to get used to but I don't even notice the they wrap over my ears anymore. Sound quality is top class and I use these for audio recording work
These are great!  But please note these are over-the-ear monitors, and don't seem to be designed for use like regular earbuds.  If you do a lot of online video messaging and don't like earphone cables dangling as you speak, then these might be worth trying.  I use them to monitor audio while video recording and keep them behind me.  It's great in that application.A couple of subtle but solid points:  the case is a not soft case, and that makes a difference.  Thank you Shure for giving me something protective to hold these when not in use.  Plus, the multiple size and shapes of the sleeves is really a nice touch.
Love it.
Best in ear headphones ever. This is my second set; only bought new ones because first ones were stolen after 4 yrs of use.REPAIR PARTS ARE AVAILABLE, I never needed them after 6 yrs of total use though.
Good bass. OK mid and his. Overall satisfied with the purchase.
Bought these for my son. He uses them on stage and says they are superior to any of the other earphones he has tried.
Sound so smooth........it's like being on stage or in the studio!!!!
Yes, this is a review of the Shure SE215 in-ear headphones, or in-ear monitors (IEM), but it's also a story of terrific customer service that's indicative of long-term thinking on the part of Shure.Before I dive into the Shure's, I'll give a bit of background of my musical preferences and what I'm looking for in headphones. I like clean natural sound. I typically avoid using equalizers and like my experience to be close to the natural sound of what's produced. I typically listen to classical, jazz, folk and pop, but my musical taste are fairly eclectic and across the board. Throw in a little R & B and dubstep over the top of Lindsay Sterling and you have it. So while I want to sense the thump in Bruno Mars' Grenade I want to hear clarity in Anne Akiko Meyer's playing of Vivaldi's Four Seasons. I hate bass emphasis especially if it results in muddy sound.I also want to note that I'm no audio expert, 80% of my listening is done on my smartphone (Nokia Lumia 920) and I probably spend as much or more time listening to audio books on the Audible app as I do listening to music. Most of my music is streamed from Beats Music service at 320 kbs or downloaded from Amazon at 256 kps vbr. If it's local, it's encoded either at 320 kps MP3 or vbr 320 kps WMA. All of this is to say, this is real world listening, mostly using my smartphone in a normal, active life. So while I'm serious about music, you could even say passionate, I'm not a hard-core audiophile who worries if his cables touch the carpet.For full review: wp.me/p2XCwQ-Zh
This is my 4th pair of SE sound canceling earphones.  I have loved them all.  My last was the 310.  The ability to block outside noise has always been amazing, especially at a loud sporting event.  I  got the 215Ks  a few days ago.  I have never had a problem putting the earbuds in my ears, but, this was difficult. I had to watch a YouTube video over and over to try to get it right.  I think I have it down now, and, the sound is great. They fit snugly once you figure it out.  My biggest concern is that they don't block outside noise like all of the previous ones.  The real test will be in a couple of weeks when I go to a sold out College football game with 96,000 screaming fans.  If I can still block that out and listen to the radio at the same time, I might go up to 5 stars.
I've used these earphones to practice with my band (I play bass) and have gigged with them several times.  I've also used them on plane flights, and they cut ambient noise as well as high end over the ear phones.  They only have one driver, so the bass response isn't great, but for the money I've been quite pleased.  They come with several different sizes of rubber ear pieces, so one of them is likely to fit you.
Sound quality is fantastic and they are very comfortable for me.Noise isolation is okay, but for me nowhere near as good as some other reviewers have experienced. If someone is talking while I have these earbuds in I can still hear them, though attenuation is moderately better than other earbuds. I've tried all 3 sizes of foam tips and, for me, small and medium are about the same in terms of noise isolation and the large are bad. I suppose my ears are just not the right size for these to be as effective as they could be.When I compare them to my Sennheiser HD280 headphones (not earbuds), they block about the same amount of sound and quality is about on par. When I put the Sennheisers on over the these SE215s I get real noise isolation. It's amazing, totally immersive, and really what I was hoping to get from the earbuds alone.These are very good earbuds but I would not have bought them if I'd have known that they wouldn't really be sound isolating for me.
They sound fantastic. I am not a fan of the way they sit in my ears though.
shure se215 sounds poor in high frequencies it's a bad point for this product. it has a not real sound. not recommended for listen real audios, monitoring mixes, not good for live sound, not good for mixing, only good for audio reference, no more.i wpuld like try another in ears.I am a sound engineer and I do not recommend this product
Honestly, it doesn't get much better than this when it comes to earbuds. Once I found the correct sized ear tip, these fit like a dream. I ended up choosing one of the memory foam cushion tips, which fit very much like earplugs, and these earbuds fit better than anything I've ever used before. I can honestly wear these for hours on end without complaint. An amazing fit, great sound, and a good value. Love these!
good sound. isolates extremely well, I missed my station on the subway! uncomfortable to wear and get used to at first, but I got eventually got the hang of it. People stare at me funny as I loop it around my ears though. The clear one looks a lot prettier on screen than in real life. In person, it's a dull grey and looks unfinished and cheap and ugly and industrial looking. I might get klispch again just because it looks prettier.
Good set of earphones.  I was using them in a church band thru a monitor system.  First time I used this kind of system and boy was it nice.  Did have floor  monitors blaring us so we could hear our instruments.  The tip that comes with it isn't the best at sound isolation, it was adequate.  I bought some triple flange sleeve but I haven't figured out how to change the tips.  I found instruction but I just feel like I'm going to break something.  I'm sure I'll figure it out, but guess they won't fall out.
Very good at blocking out sounds.  Overall pleased with this product.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS: The sound quality may be great, but I am having a tough time getting these things into my ears. I have had two pairs of Shure in-ear-monitors in the past and they were both designed to go up and over the ear but they do not have to be worn that way. I have long hair and I wear them without going up and over the back. I can't really do that with these, so I'm at a loss. And I cannot judge the sound against the previous models either. But I will say that I am smitten by the sound my previous Shure IEMs offer in general, and the sound isolation they provide. I will give these some more chances to wow me.
It's hard for me to find earbuds that are comfortable for any extended period of time. These aren't perfect but they have great sound (clear highs and mids, and enough bass to support both) and are plenty comfortable while traveling around. I haven't taken them on a plane yet, but on buses/trains they do a great job of reducing outside noise.
The sound is perfect but bass could have been made more richer. The downside of this headphone is just the design. The wire is too long and hard to manage. Other than that, everything is just perfect. I'll be waiting for a next iteration of this headphone.
Finally! I found ear buds for my workout where I'm not adjusting them. These are perfect for the gym, I workout at least 5 days a week a majority of the time weight lifting so I'm always in different angles and these ear buds allow me to focus 100% on my workout/music as before I would have to mess with adjustment when I really start to sweat, no more. I highly recommend them to my gym rats out there.
These headphones are amazing
So I read a lot of reviews both positive and negative before taking the plunge on these, and I'm really glad I did. It certainly helped with my initial experience - the truth is they really do take some getting used to putting them in. Past that the only caution I would give is if you wear glasses they feel a little awkward. Otherwise, they have immaculate  sound and are built very well. Great investment!!
These have a great, balanced sound with a surprising amount of detail and clarity considering they only have the one micro driver.Replaceable cable is sure to add to the lifetime of these. Also the cable itself is of the highest quality I've ever seen. Noticeable micro vibrations are a thing of the past with these. And there going to take a real beating to cause damage to them.The case is alright but it's not really going to protect the buds if you sit/step on it or anything. It's purpose is mostly to make it more convenient to transport them, witch it performs admirably.  You can order a harder case that comes with the more expensive versions if your worried about it (there fairly cheap to) but it's not really an issue for the way I'll be using them.And now for my one issue with these. Removing the tips. This isn't something you'll do often once you found your size thankfully but when I first got them I obviously wanted to try them all to get the best seal/fit. These suckers are hard to get off, the foam ones in particular because you have to use so much pressure it feels like your going to tear the foam. Fortunately the foam was more resilient then I anticipated and they regained there shape without any noticeable damage. My other concern was that the tip they slide on to is plastic. You can tell its a thicker good quality plastic but with the way it sticks out combined with the pressure needed to swap tips I was sure that it was going to crack.Maybe I'm just a little to paranoid and I understand they don't want the tips sliding at all but the tightness applied here seems a bit excessive to me.In closing I'd say Sure just made themselves a new fan and in the future I'll be looking to get some 535's. If they can get this great a sound with one simple micro driver I can only imagine what 3 hi-def drivers with a passive crossover sounds like.
very well made and sound pretty good
they're just OK
Best in-ear headphones I have owned yet.  Amazing sound, very stable in your ears (especially for jogging), and completely isolates your sound as well as a non-noise cancelling headphone can do.I have had mine for two years before I needed to get them replaced, but it is mainly due to my usage and less to do with the product.  Over time, if you use these for running, sweat can cause corrosion in the connector from the cord to the monitors.  I plan on buying another pair of these strictly for office/home/travel use and a seperate one for running, otherwise I believe these would have lasted much much longer.
Excelent
For the money, you cannot ask for anything better.  I have an older version of these headphones (SE110) and the clarity you get with these newer drivers is much better.  Some may not like the over-the-ear design.  This is a personal preference but once inserted, they stay in place without any discomfort.  Plus, the passive noise reduction is great for the traveler who flies long distance.  I am able to save my hearing but using these during the flight to reduce the cabin noise.
I have had these headphones for about a week, and they seem sturdy, and feel fine in my ear. However, the sound is very fuzzy.
Bottom line is you've got to spend quite a bit of money to get a pair of earbuds with significantly better sound quality than these, and then you'll also have to buy a dedicated amplifier to really get the most out of them so, this is just about as good as it gets in these price range.This little wonder from Shure deliver poweful bass and rich, creamy mids that will put to shame many other similarly (or higher) priced options. The highs could be a tad better, but then again you'd have to spend more in a multi-driver model to get top quality in every range, IMHO.For those who are considering buying a pair of "real" earphones for their portable music devices, let me tell you, go for it! You won't be dissapointed, you guys just don't know how good your iPhone/iPod, Galaxy, or whatever device you use really is until you've tested it with a pair of decent ear pieces instead of the lousy ones that come included with them.
Great sound, great noise isolation, long lasting. I am torn about whether to reduce them by 1 star for price/value, but I got a previous pair replaced by Shure without discussion after long time use, so will stay with 5 stars.
Sound is great but the problem is the cables are too stiff, sure I can replace them but that's an addition cost. It's difficult keeping them in place, keep falling off. Gonna keep looking for the right pair that sound good and will stay in place. I want to hear music not spend my time keeping them in place.
The sound quality in this headphones is (Ok) i don't like the bass at all it makes them sound a little muffled. And the peace�of plastic that goes around your ear it's uncomfortable....
The stock cord is abysmal. Buy one without the wire guided cords and inline controls for $15 on ebay.Sound quality is excellent for everyday listening. I think that they give me the most I could possible get out of my music streaming services (about 300kbps). However if I were to invest in a DAC I don't think that they would improve by much.Also the sound isolation is ridiculous. Could easily take out the cords and use them as earplugs.
I've been using Shure earphones for a decade and these are the best so far. They make a very tight seal in the ear to block out noise and the sound quality is excellent.
Bought this ear phone a year ago and used it during travel and workout. The left speaker stopped working after a year. Sound quality was good and was comfortable to wear. Disappointed with the quality that it did not lasting longer.
The left headphone cable started cutting in and out when moved after the first week of owning them. They have a 2 year warranty, but require me to send the cable back first before they will issue a replacement. I fly 2+ times a week and like to use these on my flights and don't really want to have any downtime without them. Bummed. For such a big company you'd think that they had an advanced ship warranty solution with a credit card hold so I could continue "using" them until the cable arrived. Also Shure does not cover the shipping of the cable back to them for warranty...figure it out Shure.
this is my second pair of these headphones. they are the best in-eat I've ever used. they have great sound isolation.  I use them while running a chain saw and they are Great War protection. I also use them to work out and they stay in no matter what you are doing. very comfortable to wear.
Most of what you hear about these buds is true. They are excellent with all around great sound. A little rolled off at the highs but beautifully warm with big sound. I've had the previous version prior to this and there is a big improvement to the sounds quality. Great choice for the average to discriminating listener.
The earbuds alone aren't design for sport since they were design originally for musicians and/or more valued music listeners. The earbuds are very nice and allow different earbuds for different ear sizes. The earbud may not look nice when wearing in the eyes of many people, but the quality is beautiful for this price. It has managed to overtake the most distorted guitar screeches, to the most deep bass drops and tempos from my playist and sound like if I was there helping produce it. My first pair got damaged since it used for working out, (NOTE NOT INTENDED FOR SPORTS AT ALL. Earbuds not designed for that.) but Shure has a amazing customer service alone I would give 5/5. SInce they gave me a new replacement no problem. I highly recommend these as they are durable and sleek in design with the most beautiful sound quality 100$ could get you for these. You won't regret it. (FINAL NOTE: THIS DOESN'T MEAN YOU CAN JUST STUFF THEM IN YOUR POCKET AND EXPECT THEM TO BE OKAY. THEY INCLUDE A CARRYING CASE FOR A REASON WHICH FITS NICELY IN YOUR POCKETS. THIS WILL BE A HUGE WAY TO TAKE CARE OF YOUR EARPHONES. LET ALONE THE EARWAX REMOVER FOR THE EARBUDS AND TUBE FOR THE MONITORS.)Tldr: BUY IT BUT NOT INTENDED FOR SPORTS AT ALL. QUALITY IS BEAUTIFUL, AND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE ALONE IS 5/5. HIGHLY RECCOMMEND
I use these when I play drums live. After two months of use, the right side started to give disconnect sound when I move sometimes. Not a big deal yet , but it's not as sturdy as I thought. And I keep it/use it very carefully, and don't even move that much.
Perfect But: The cable broke after few months of use. and replacement parts are expensive.
These fit under my motorcycle helmet and stay in place well.
Excellent choice if you are looking for good bang/buck ratio. Structure allows bigger capsule enabling sound quality that beats any small-format plugs hands down. Foam plugs offer excellent background noise insulation for motorcycle use and profile is low enough so that these will sit comfortably even under full face helmet. Cables break in surprisingly fast to fit around your ears.
Guys i bought this product and frankly speaking i swear the sound quality is so badddddd dam i regret so much for paying for this.The Panasonic RPHJE120K In-Ear Headphone sound way more better than this. i mean it and its way more better in every aspects except that its not for sports and the earbuds fall off easily. The bass in se215  is so so soooo flat i really hate this product :@ and the sound is very flat too the stock Samsung earphones is sexy compared to this s***.when is comes to isolation bull s*** isolation i can hear people talking next to me when the volume is at center and ofcourse when the volume is louder i couldn't hear any of those(dam that hurts too).The looks is sooo f&&&in bad its not as it looks over the pick its kinda yellowish.The only pro i find is that the design is good to listen to music when you are sleeping and it never falls of the ear no matter what.
I'm use to using the 425s provided to me on stage with an Aviom, which works well together. I already purchased my own memory foam ear tips to avoid stranger danger in the earwax department. Since they are all breaking through heavy use though, it was time for me to get my own pair to have in case needed.I totally was taken aback when I plugged this personal pair into a device at home without all the adjustable levels on the Aviom. I mean, my SkullCandy $30 set has a more tolerable balance by far! I have sensitive ear canals, so I'm wondering the process of trying out a gazillion ear tips, including the extra order of the 3-tiered white silicone ones, has caused my perception to be irritated in general. I would almost classify it as an overstimulated sensation. The Shure's are truly louder than the cheeper sets I have, not limited to the above mentioned. I guess you could say they are really fuller in retrospect. I think maybe I need to get used to this to appreciate it, and I'm just overwhelmed with sorting the sounds right now. There is no difference in balance between the los, mids, and his for me at this point. They're all there, but they blend to an almost unison level. Can you say "mono?"One thing I did learn is that the ear tips make a HUGE difference on anything past the mids getting through. I'm finding the best sound, and honestly comfort, with the memory foam ear pieces. Nothing is beating the memory foam with these for balance. The positive for me is the way I can receive the vocals in my ear in spite of a very loud environment. Sitting here at home, nothing more than the UPS man delivery making my dog bark and my refrigerator humming, really shows me these are more of my stage ears, not so much my recreational choice. Maybe my ears will become more seasoned over time, maybe not.
Excellent well balanced earphones.  I use them in a small rehearsal studio where live drums are played and work great.  Sound can only be heard through the earphones so levels can be maintained low.
I ordered these little guys used with new tips on them for $85 including shipping from here.  I was pretty hesitant spending that much on a set of earbuds but since my band is trying to set up a custom motioning system and these were the cheapest we could find with the best reviews, we all ended up going for the SE215's.  I was blown away by the quality first off, I could hear things that my set of $150 mixing headphones wouldn't pick up on.  And they actually stay in my ears!  I haven't even felt them close to falling out yet.Apart from using these with my band, I also have been taking them to work (I work in a metal machine shop) and I gotta say the sound isolation on these are insane.  I can barely even hear the machines, quiet sections of songs still ring right through and even reverb is audible.  They are also very comfortable with the right ear-insert.  They do take a bit of getting used to because of the over-ear design but honestly they have become more comfortable than any other earbud I've used.  I still don't know if they are worth $100 but I'm definitely not, by any means, kicking myself for buying these.
Excellent sound quality. Noticeably better than other earphones I own (about $20 price range) even with low quality sources like my laptop or my cell phone.However, the procedure to insert the earphones in your ear in the correct position is a bit complex, time consuming and awkward.
They are great earphones, I just couldn't get used to the behind the ear types. I was paranoid that it would fall out.
Love them Great!!
Awesome head phones
Relatively happy, much better than Sennheiser CX 685 which had worse quality sound. Still this is no match to my Denon AHD1001S, in terms of depth of sound and fidelity, but still pretty decent sound across different music styles. I use them for running, and they stay quite fit for the first 30 minutes, but then start to slide when get sweaty, so need to keep readjusting. Overall good value.
I don't have enough great things to say about these little things. All in all, I have tried ME Electronics dual driver earbuds, and the SE 215's beat them. I tried the Sennheiser HD 598, and SE 215s beat those too! And by clear margins, I had my roommates try and test the headphones with me too, just to get a more sound opinion, and not sound like I was crazy. For a little under a hundred dollars, you can transform your sound experience with these little IEMs. They pack a serious PUNCH. If you haven't tried them yet, you are really missing out.The sound isolation and the way it cups into your ear is very awesome too. They have a set of tips, you should test each of them to see which one keeps most snug in your ear. Once that is done, it really makes a huge difference. The outside world is completely shut out, and it's just you being transported into a different world. You'll hear sounds you never heard before.Seriously, amazing.
Left side just stopped working about a month ago.Never had any spills or impact damage. Daily use at the gym, but that's all.Would have hoped that something like this would last for more than a year. Guess not.
I purchased these IEM's and after reading lots of reviews I wanted to state the following: all earbuds with dynamic drivers need some break in time, please believe this.  If you think that they will sound the same right out of the box, as opposed to after you listen to them for many hours, you are wrong in that assumption. I own several pairs  and purchased these for their boost in bass response over the less expensive Shure model. I listened to them out of the box and then after every ten hours of break in.  You can use white noise CD's or the like but here's what has worked for me breaking in 4 to 5 pairs in the past 6 months.  Get yourself an adapter plug and plug your IEM's into your receiver or your boombox or your radio.  Put them on and raise the sound level to where they are comfortable then take them off and crank it up to where you can hear them while you're holding them in your hand. Play talk radio for 10 hours, rock music for 10 hours, classical music for 10 hours and after every 10 hour session listen to the IEM's.  The difference with the SE215's after 30 hours was striking, no sibilance, the midrange and the lows were so much clearer and deeper. After another 30 hours I can honestly say that for 100 bucks these buds are definitely worth it. Now having said that, I also have to state that a pair of Monster N-Lites that I paid 60 bucks for after 20 hours of break in sounded almost as good as the Shure SE215-K's I purchased. What's my point?  There are a lot of really good earbuds in the 50 to 100 dollar range. the Shures are excellent and I use them  at home for their superior bass and I use the N-Lites for the gym and running. I own and highly recommend the RHA-MA750's, the HiFiMan's for 99 bucks, the Klipsh Image S-4's and the Monster Turbos that I paid 100 bucks for. I am a bit of a fanatic when it comes to my music and just like speakers I find that headphones and IEM's all seem to have sonic signatures all their own.  The SE215's are a superior product, with a 2 year warranty, replaceable cords and once broken in, sound quality above the purchase price. When I listen to my laptop through my Dragonfly DAC and the Shure SE215's I am one happy camper. Folks, I can be more technical and try to impress you with terms that make me sound like the audiophile I am but what's the point of that?  These are for 100 dollars worth every cent.After break in I had to turn the volume down even lower and was amazed at how well these IEM's performed and gave that sense of being outside of my head.  Audio is very subjective, what one person hears another may not, that's why I listen through differing pairs.  That and the fact that I'm a bit maniacal about my music!  When I am ready to spend more on IEM's the 315's or 415's will be the ones I buy from Shure and I must add, Amazon's service is beyond belief. I am extremely satisfied with my purchase and I reiterate, break them in for sonic bliss, a minimum of 40 hours before critical listening.
Amazing sound very good quality and good fit for my ears
I have had several other earbuds. Love the depth of the bass. So far so good!
Aweeessssooommmeeee
I really like the sound from these in-ear headphones, though I will say the bass could be sharper. I also couldn't change earpieces based on the instructions provided. Some more descriptive tips on how to seat these in the ear properly would also have been appreciated. They sit in your ear kind of like a hearing aid, with the cord running vertically up the front of the ear, then looping behind the ear and back down. It takes me a while to get them seated properly, though I hope I'll get better at it in time. Once I do get them properly in place, the cords that should wrap neatly around my ear end up sticking too far up and out, looking ridiculous and feeling a bit awkward. All that said, I still give them four stars because, for in-hear headphones, these to sound pretty darned good.
Great sounding! Other reviewers thought that they were hard to get used to at first but I found that they fit my ears perfectly.
PROS: Sound quality is solid for tiny earphones at this price point. Highs are clear. Lows are good enough. More importantly, they protect my ears. I can drum along to any track with the music at a safe volume and still hear my drums through the mix. It also comes with a nice carrying case, and they look pretty cool. I feel like a Backstreet Boy with these guys in my ears.CONS: It is really pretty hard to change the earbud sizes though. The first time I finally managed to pull one off I thought I had broken the stem. Be careful taking them off, but you will also need a lot of force to do so. Don't put them in the fridge, like others have suggested.Now to test their longevity!
These headphones are pretty good.  The sound quality for the prices is about what I was expecting.  The foam pieces that come installed on them are not that comfortable but the earbuds come with multiple tips that you can switch out to.  The tips that are on it are very hard to get off.  I found that one of the tips felt good in the ear but form a seal completely inside your ear and can lead to some ear pressure issues (i have sensitive ears).
I bought these as a replacement to a busted pair of Klipsch S4's.  Sound quality overall is better than my S4's were.  Highs are crystal clear without any harshness.  Mid and low frequencies come in very clear as well, but I feel these lack the bass response of the Klipsch.  Not a massive difference, but something to consider.  If you like a lot of booming bass you'd probably be better served with Beats headphones.  I am really enjoying the sound quality and clarity though.  I'm hearing things that I never heard before in my music which is quite fun.  I do wish they had more bottom end response though, maybe I'll play with the equalizer on my device to see if I can make up for it.These took a bit to get used to the fit.  I looked like a goof for the first 10 minutes trying to figure out how to put them in, but after a few tries you get better at it.  Once they're in they are very secure.  Outside noises are virtually eliminated, as the contact points are made of a material similar to a really good pair of ear plugs.  That's a huge plus for me, as I was looking for something to make noisy flights more bearable.  There are multiple sizes included to fit any ear.  That said, the driver itself is rather large.  I have "Colbert ears" where one sticks out and the other is more flat.  My flatter ear ends up hurting a bit from the driver pressing on it.  No problem with my stick-out ear.  Kind of hard to explain, and your results may vary.  Last note about the fit is that these have to be put in a certain way, meaning that it does take a bit of your concentration to install them.  You can't just walk out of a coffee shop with your cappuccino in hand while installing them with your other.Another great thing about these headphones is the cable which is replaceable and rather thick.  I've destroyed a number of headphones from frayed or damaged cables, and I feel these won't be susceptible to that same damage.  Also, the cable seems to be shielded.  Meaning when you're walking you don't get ANY noise interference from cable movement or the cable knocking against things (your body, your arm, etc).  The Klipsch were HORRIBLE with this.Overall I think they're good and I'd recommend them over the Klipsch S4.  Sure they look a bit strange and require more effort to put in your ear.  But they are much clearer, better built, and have much better sound isolation.  Minus one star for the strange fit and slight lack of low end.
i switched to the SE215s after years of V-Moda buds.what stands out: sound isolation and bass response (both are incredible)what doesn't stand out: mids and highs (par for the course)what disappointed: just about nothingbottom line: very good IEMs for their price, I highly recommend them over any V-moda buds.
There's a lot of good things about this product. I don't even know where to start.The cables are thick and firm (more so than normal earphones. Some might not like how it retains a little of it's shape), and extremely well reinforced. You know all those places where you break your cable at? Well not anymore...Also, not many how much they move around, there's no vibrations to be heard. That's something not too many earphones can be proud of.Detachable cables. I didn't even know about this when I bought it. Basically, you can detach the actual earphone pieces from the cable for replacement (the cable that is). It just pops right out, but only if you want it to: it has a good mechanism to keep it in place.Clear headphones? I normally don't care about the color (unless it's pink) but making it see-through was a great idea. I like to see the cables inside of it.A lot of people have trouble actually putting these things on. Even I had trouble with it at first (even though I already had one pair of shures before). They're only cables, but they're also over-the-ear models. Most Shures are I think. They wrap around the top of your ear and slide down to fit comfortably into your ear. It's comfortable, but some might not like how it does that. Don't even try and put them in like conventional headphones. It won't work.You get two types of earpieces: a soft malleable type, and a hard plastic type. The soft type is great to block out a lot of exterior noise, but it gets dirty real quick. It's kind of nasty if you plan on sharing your earphones with others. The hard type doesn't get dirty whatsoever, but the quality drops, meaning you can hear the outside.This product is absolutely amazing. And for half of the price it's a damn steal. Not to mention you also get a year of warranty included. I recommend this product 100%, and I applaud Shure for getting it right.
The sound is great and the design comfortable. Unfortunately the Left earbud failed after 30 days and its replacement from shure failed after a week. This earbud has a major design flaw. Do not buy until it has been corrected.
Just got these earbuds last week.  I am a weekend musician and planned on using them for both in-ear monitoring on stage, and mp3 player use on airplanes, etc.After one use in each application, I am very happy with the sound, and VERY unhappy with the fact that every time the cord moves, sound cuts out to one of the earbuds.  Where the removable cord attaches to the earbud, there is a design flaw that permits cutting out.  Trust me, nothing is more frustrating than being on stage and having to stand still like a robot in order to be able to hear out of both sides of these earbuds.I returned them immediately, and am very disappointed in Shure.  This should not be happening on the scale that it is.  Google search SE215 problems and you will see what I mean.  VERY DISAPPOINTING.
Bought these se215 headphones to replace 6 year old E3 where the phono jack was worn from plugging in so much.  Got them in April and use them 8-10 hours a week.  The left earphone started cutting out and I would have to jiggle the rotating connection on the earphone.  That would work for a minute or two then became more frequent and completely cut out. Now it is dead. Tried cleaning the connection and switching connections left-right right-left still no luck.  The pivoting connection is horrible and moving connections are destined for failure.  I will stick with a fixed connection next time.  They do have more bass than the E3's but the E3's have more robust cables and connectors.
I've been purchasing shure earbuds for 4+ years. A common problem among the last three I possessed is that around the 1-2 yr mark the wiring right where the chord connects to the earbud would start to fray. I'm a stubborn individual and have been convinced that despite this enraging flaw, the sound quality and design of the earbuds left most others in the dust.Fast forward to this month. I just bought this model, and was excited by the prospect of the chord plugging into the earbuds, avoiding chord wear and tear. Then the left side goes dead during the 1st test run.I'm going for a replacement opposed to refund in the hope that this was a lemon. But if anyone has recommendations for reasonably priced earbuds with good sound, nice fit, and DURABILITY, please comment on this rating. I'm open to suggestions if the replacement earbuds crap out on me.
The sound on these are great except for the highs as bass overpowers. Left earphone stopped working within a week :( had to return.
I can't say enough about these earphones. I am a drummer that made the switch to in-ear monitoring about six months ago and have never looked back.  Starting with cheap earbuds and then moving up to a pair of Klipsch S4 earbuds, I have been looking at these for awhile and finally decided to try them out because of the list of nice features they offer for the price. I wish I would have started out with these.My Klipsch's sounded very good but these blow them away!  The bass is unbelievable and the clarity and mix of highs, mids, and lows is perfect IMO.  These Shures are so comfortable that I actually forget that I have them in.  The way they sit in your ear and the cord comes out the front and goes over the top of the ear makes them look very professional.  The replaceable cord is also a huge plus. These are simply great earbuds for either general music listening or an entry level IEM system. I am currently using these with a Behringer 802 mixer, for monitor feeds, and I couldn't be happier.  Stop looking and buy these now if you've been thinking about it!
MY OPINION:Durability of the spliced ends:  I get a new pair of earbuds pretty much every year because the wires (where they attach into the earbuds) eventually get worn and break.  I'm a 44 year old woman and wear them for running or while on the elliptical (so general wear and tear).  Being that I have professionally done the same type of splices that where done on these "refurbished" earbuds, I know that these splices cannot withstand (for very long) the movement that they will be subjected to if one uses them when exercising.  I would never recommend that splice with a wire that will be moving around very much.Cost of this refurbishment:  I had already spliced my old pair (at home--for free), with a much more reliable splice job (so I guess I'll keep using my old ones until I order NEW ones).  I'm curious as to how the seller feels he/she rates to charge $99 for this repair splice, that takes about 5 mins.  I really have to question the ethics of that.Next issue with these earbuds:  I have a pair of the old Shure 215's, which I purchased about a year ago, only mine are better because they have a part that can be used with a cell phone.  I may have missed that feature in these refurbished ones, but I would expect the newer version to have, at a minimum, the same features--not less.My last issue is that now I'm being charged to ship them back because I'm not willing to settle for the quality of this product??  And I also paid to ship them to me..  I feel like I got jacked since the earbuds are junk--in my opinion.By the way, the replacement ends (when you need to change them out), I think I saw somewhere that they cost $40 by themselves.  For that amount, you've spent about half the amount of the original cost of the refurbished ones.
I have owned these earphones for about a month now.  I don't know if I would consider myself an audiophile, but I enjoy my music when it sounds good.  When my old pair of Sony earbuds fell apart, I decided it was time to step up to an entirely new level of earbud sophistication.  After some research, I decided on the Shure SE215, which had received many favorable reviews.  Plus, at roughly $100, the price was reasonable compared to other kinds of headphones out on the market.Ultimately, the Shure SE215s are the best sounding in-ear headphones I have ever heard.  There were, however, a few initial problems with these earphones.  This next portion of the review is going to sound overwhelmingly negative, but bear with me!The first problem I had with these earphones came down to comfort.  For the first week or two of ownership, the SE215 is a difficult headphone to wear comfortably, and finding an easy way to wear them is a long and awkward process.  The SE215 is shaped quite differently than any other earphone I have owned, and therefore resulted in some unique kinds of ear pain and fatigue from even the briefest periods of use.  The cable on the SE215 is designed to curve up and over the ear, which was once again completely different from any other earphone I have used.  Problem is, the cable is quite rigid and will not curve around the ear easily.  In fact, it took me a good three hours before I had found a way to keep the earphones in my ears without the cable falling off and bumping into my cheek, which was annoying.  Then, after I found a way to keep the earphones in my ears, the next issue presented itself.  They sounded terrible, alternating between a slightly "tinny" sound with no bass and having the right earphone muted in comparison to the left earphone.  This was confusing, because the SE215 was supposedly the best sounding earphone in the world for the price.Now, any sane person would be asking themselves why I gave these earphones a perfect 5/5 if I had such a rough time with them.  Rest assured, there is a light at the end of this tunnel.  Allow me to explain.The ear pain and fatigue is common with any new kind of earphone.  As mentioned before, I have owned Sony earphones over the years.  I remember each one of those headphones bothering my ears for the first few weeks of ownership.  Eventually, your ears just get used to the new earphones, which leads to lessened pain and fatigue.  After a month or so of regularly listening to them, the SE215 no longer fatigues my ears.  They are actually rather comfortable.  The cable has also limbered up a bit, making it easier to fold up and around my ears than before.But the biggest improvements have to be attributed to the foam "sleeves" included with the SE215.  These headphones come out of the box with six pairs of interchangeable "sleeves," which are the parts of the earphone you insert into your ear.  Three pairs are rubber, and three pairs are made of a fragile foam.  Having no experience with foam sleeves, I immediately attempted the rubber sleeves.  I am not too sure why these earphones come with rubber sleeves, because they are largely useless.  The rubber sleeves refused to stay in my ears and made the earphones sound awful.  So I moved on to the foam sleeves, which were a revelation.  Not only are they very comfortable, but the foam sleeve really allow the Shure SE215s to work their magic.  In order to work properly, the instructions state that the earphones must have a good seal against the outside world.  The foam sleeves provide that seal, leading to a sound experience that rivals even the audiophile-spec Sennheiser HD 595s I use for serious stereo listening.  The foam sleeves are fragile, though, so handle and replace them with care.The Shure SE215 really is a fine piece of audio equipment.  They sound phenomenal, easily matching much more expensive headphones and outclassing everything I have tried up to this point in my life.  There are some initial problems, but these problems will either go away over time or can be erased entirely by using the foam sleeves.  I would not use them for exercise, but that's what a cheap pair of earbuds are for.  I highly recommend the Shure SE215 to anyone wanting an amazing earphone.
I'm not an audiophile to the point where I have spent thousands on amps and headphones, but I do have an ear for music. These Shure earphones are not only an upgrade in physical quality but sound and quality as well. Comparing these to the previous generation, the bass has been much improved. As I've read in other reviews the highs do somewhat lack but for $100 high end earphones, you can't expect the very best. I mainly use these as a personal monitor when I play the drums and immediately noticed the improvement in sound quality than my previous set. I was able to hear my bass very clearly and my drums simply sounded much better just by listening to them through my earphones. They fit so naturally and comfortably in my ear they truly are no bother at all. The malleable first couple of inches is great for preventing the cable moving around too much. The removable cable has not caused any sort of issues and I just hope it stays that way. Shure has always made great quality products so I doubt it will be an issue.If you truly care about the music you listen to, dump those silly Skull Candy earphones and pick up a pair of a real earphones.
This is not the first set of Shure earbuds I've owned.  I had a set of the E2c's, which were fantastic.  After about 5 years of hard labor, they finally gave up the ghost, and suffered the usual death by cable rot to which that series of buds were so prone.  So I took to the search for a replacement, and these were my criteria...1.  They must be in-ear style buds, with the option to switch the sleeves (The piece that goes in the ear).  Also, they must include those swappable pieces.2. They must have a good warranty of at least 2 years.3.  They must not cost more than ~100 USD.4.  They must sound great.(These are in no order of preference, and all considered equal)So with that in mind, I also need to mention that I was partial to Shure.  Mostly, because the E2c's were my first real good set of earphones, and broke down all my stigmas as to "Why would anyone pay so much for headphones?"  So here is my review.The Sleeves - There are 2 different types of sleeves bundled with this set; one a flexible rubber, the other a re-expandable foam.  Each has three separate sizes, to help you find a good fit.  I tried both.  The foam sleeves feel nice, so long as you insert them like earplugs.  They expand nicely to your ear canal.  They offer fantastic sound isolation, and stay inside.  The rubber sleeves are comfortable, but they are constantly being pulled out of your ears by the very stiff cord.  I will try them again once I get the cord broken in a bit more, but for now, I'm going with the foam sleeves.The Warranty - 2 years, not bad, but my E2c's had 3.  From what I hear, the cable rot issue is still going on, but I will expand on that in a minute.The cost - If you can get them for 100 USD, then do it.  I think they are normally 2X that price.The Sound - At first, I was a bit worried.  I was hearing some odd pops in the earphones.  Pops that I shouldn't be hearing from a headset this expensive.  But, that turned out to be from the player I had them plugged into.  I tried a different source, and no pops.  They are at least as good as my E2c's were when I first got them.  There is some talk about the lows and highs and all that, and I don't know about all that.  I know that I was getting some weird looks at the restaurant I was at when I was headbanging and booth-breaking (sit down dancing at my table) to the music.  I listen to a lot of rock, electronica, and trip hop, and it all sounds great.Other Stuff - I mentioned the cables, and for good reason.  Shure has a history of cable rot; the insulation on the wires literally rots off, and results in dead headphones.  To combat that, they have added 2 features.  One, an additional layer of insulation around where the wire goes over the ear (The most common place of rot).  This likely extends the life of the cable, which makes it even thicker than it already is, which makes it VERY stiff.  This stiffness leads to the cable not staying in place, and needing some serious breaking in, which in turn could lead to breaking the wire.  So be careful, and be patient.  If you use the foam sleeves, then it isn't that big of a problem.The other thing is that they made the cable able to be detached from the earpiece, which means you can replace it if it goes bad.  This is nice, except that, it's proprietary.  It is unlikely that Shure will still have these cables in a few years available for purchase or otherwise.  So while it's a nice feature, you likely won't be able to use it for anything other than changing the color of your wires.  (It would likely be a good idea to order a spare once these earbuds are discontinued).I also want to comment on the case that comes with the set.  It is pretty crappy.  It looks ok, but it lacks anything to wrap the cord around.  You have to wind it up on your own, then stuff it in.  It's also a soft case.  The E2c's had a fairly solid case with a plastic piece inside to wrap around, and with a spot in the center of that to house the drivers.  I don't know what gives on this, but come on Shure, you went backwards on this part.  (Minor yes, but still, why go backwards?)So that's my experience with the 215's.  I recommend them to anyone that knows how important a good set of headphones are, but doesn't have a lot of money to dedicate to them.
I hesitated to splurge on these since I have the Shure SE 115 m+ for my iphone, which I was already very happy with.  However, it was worth it!These are much more comfortable, although more difficult to put in your ears right (maybe taking 10 seconds instead of 2).  Over time, they are more comfortable to wear than the Shure SE 115m+ and they sound better to me too.  They also isolate better, whereas with the SE115, I have to put them really deeply in my ears to get good isolation.  With these SE215, it's not the case, thus they're very comfortable to me.Cons:- the cord is a little bit too long- how about offering the SE215 m+ style, with integrated mike and remote?  You would think there are enough iphone/ipad users who would be interested!  Paying another $50 for their mobile remote is not a good solution.  It adds more cord (which is already too long) and the mike is far away from your mouth and sounds too loud to people.
They were great until they stopped working.  I have had them for 3 months, treated them well but the left ear bud stopped working.  I expected more from sure.  Very displeased
These headphones sound excellent right out the box, although im not a huge fan of the foam plugs i took these off and put the rubber ones on and perfect. These are very comfortable to wear. When I had read the reviews before buying them alot of people complained about switching out the tips, they are absoulety right, these are very hard to change I was at work when i changed them out for the first time and had access to a microscope, On the directions it reads to twist and pull, this will probaly break the end off them like other reviews had stated, I on the other hand peeled them off. I stuck my finger nail under it and peel back(I dont have much for nails) and was able to get these off faily easy and change them out. Know for the important thing the sound, I have alot of earphones and one of my prized earphones which is some DENON AHC710 which are $200.00 and thats a very modest price. these might actually sound better not quite yet but the shure are not broke in yet. Everything is balanced so perfectly plenty of bass thats not distorted, the highs are no overbarring and the mids are just right. The only thing Im waiting for is the snap on the low end bass like my denons have and these will be right there with them. I like the cord it seems really strong and the fact that you can disconnect them is cool.  All in all very happy with my purchase. I bought these at guitar center and the guy said these sound better then the SE315 and on par with a few exceptions as the SE 535. You cant go wrong. By the way these are being powered bt a ZUNE HD and soon a COWON J3.
As an audio enthusiast I have used many sets of headphones from Sennheiser, Bose, Beats, etc. But these Shure earphones/sound monitors are the best I've used so far. They fit comfortably after getting used to and don't look ridiculous but rather inconspicuous. Overall great earphones. 5 Star rating from me.
The Shure SE-215 earbuds are very sturdy and sound good. They fit flush to the ear, and they block sound without being uncomfortably deep into the ear. They are very comfortable and light--so much so that you almost forget that they are there.They come with standard accessories like differently-sized foam and silicone tips, carrying case, and cleaning tool.The 3.5mm jack is pretty wide, so you may not be able to plug these headphones into a phone with a thick case on it.The 64-inch cable is pretty thick and should hold up to the damages of daily use.All-in-all, these are good headphones for the price, and they are definitely worth a try.
I was looking for noise reducing headphones that were not $400 and but worth owning.  This by far is the best deal out there right now. I searched far and wide as I play acoustic drums but love the ability to play along with music in the background if not live on stage.  This works perfect and is essentially like having full foam ear plugs in with the ability to hear the music cleanly throug a monitor.
A few years ago I really started listening to music and then a ton. (Prob 3-5 hrs a week now).  I started off with crappy standard iPod earbuds.  Then I jumped around the low-end cheap skullcandy ink'd several times where they would break usually a month or so.  Getting really frustrated, I got the motivation to actually spend some money.  Researched for a while and waited a week cause these earbuds were back ordered. Now having them for a month, I love them.  Great fit(it comes with a good package of different sizes and materials of parts that will fit anyone's ear), they also don't protrude out of you ear so you can sleep comfortably on your side, the bass is nice, sound cancel very well, the music is clear even when the volume is loud and quiet, the cord is thick, dependable, and doesn't tangle easy, the jack is nice and everything on the SHURE SE-215 is sturdy and well designed. The around the ear chord style though a little difficult to figure out at first is great so the earbuds don't fall out easy.  Great price for these earbuds and I'd happily pay a lot more than $100.
The earbuds are great.  They have some serious bass.  That said, the sound is incredibly well balanced.  The only flaw I can point out is that the highs are slightly weak.  Still, 5-star earbuds.
The earbuds are great.  They have some serious bass.  That said, the sound is incredibly well balanced.  The only flaw I can point out is that the highs are slightly weak.  Still, 5-star earbuds.
I bought these head phones based on the reviews here at Amazon. I normally use over the ear head phones because I've never been able to find an in the ear model that feels comfortable or delivers the rich sound of over the ear models...and still haven't. These ear phones are a big disappointment. Very uncomfortable and when I could get them positioned the sound was horrible as compared to over the ear models. I would love to find in the ear phones for when exercising because the over the ear models just look dorky...but will have to just give up.I've tried several of the in ear models and had high hopes for the Shure SE215, but will have to resign to the fact my ears were not made for "In the Ear" phones.
The Shure SE215 are very, very nice and worth every cent! Fantastic well balanced sound and well thought out and balanced as well. After I finally figured out the red dot is on the right plug and started compressing the foam before insertion, I was set for a pleasant listening experience. I rate them favorably with my Sennheiser HD590 headphones, which is amazing!
Great with few minor complaints.  I just got my Shure SE215 Clear earphones. I immediately tried them and road-tested them. Overall they are awesome except few complaints. I hope this doesn't damper your dream of owning one.Good: Sound Quality and noise reduction:Excellent and Awesome. I could hear even the weakest background note clear. Sound is well balanced. The Bass is perfect, not artificially amp'd to give you headache.These earphones block most of the outside noise. I swear. On the LIRR train ride between my place and Penn station in NYC, I couldn't hear a decibel of outside noise. I couldn't hear the loud station announcement, not the loud chatter of girls sitting next to you, not the train sound. Nada. This was not possible with my old earphones. These are perfect for outdoor listening but watch where you use it (read on)Bad: Noise reduction:It blocks way too much noise to be used where you shouldn't be using an earphone - like biking, walking on the street or crossing roads.Your ears tend to get heavy after an hour of listening. Probably because this earphone blocks most of the noise and all you listen is just music. It just isn't healthy for ears. Take breaks every half an hour to relieve your ear pressure.Bad: Style & looks: It takes a little effort to get used to wearing these but they fit perfectly firm. I bought the clear model as I was attracted by the shiny new silver like finsh in the photo. I thought they are a perfect show off but I'm disappointed. The SE215-CL looks much dull than in real-life than in picture. You can't see it unless you open the package. Since these fit in a certain weird way - like around your ear, I have people staring at me in public. Not sure if it is good or bad.If style and look matters to you, checkout a real life picture of  CLEAR and BLACK before purchasing.Note: B&H photo store in NYC has SE215-CL for $89 ($10 less than black). Don't know why.Good: Cord: Cord quality is awesome. It has kevlar coating and unlike rubber I don't think it will break or tear. It is one of the reasons I chose this over Etymotic or Klipsch. And the most convenient thing is that the cord is behind your ears when you wear them and they don't fall in front of your face when you bend down.Bad: Cord: It just won't bend as much as the rubber cord does. A really really minor concern.Overall: Sound quality matters to me more than looks. I just wish they had made the CLEAR ones like shown in the picture. Just saying.
Given I already own other "higher ticket" Sure (SE 315, SE 425, and SE 535) and Westone UM2 and 3, as well as about 4 other pairs of high quality earphones ( although all were before replaceable cables), I am absolutely blown away by the overall quality and value of these earphones so far. The convenience and simplicity of Westone cables is the best I have ever used but the overall sound quality and extremely reasonable cost of the Sure SE215 earphones have already become my absolute favorites.These definitely take a bit of cable manipulation to optimize comfort per individual but the overall sound is terrific. The mids and highs are sharp and bass not sacrificed. I actually think Westone has not adequately adressed the mid/highs which is important to me.I look forward to giving an update in a month or two but so far I would recommend these earphones over almost anything I own that cost more!
Prior to the SE215 i had EC2 and SCL2s.  Loved both of them but managed to lose them both. Frankly. at this point, I'm glad I did. The SE215s are the best sounding headphones I've ever had. Far superior sound to both the SCL2s and EC2s. Great separation, strong but not overly heavy bass. Highs and mid are clear, with somewhat airy and transparent presence.Some have complained about this fit -it's possible that if your ears are small, they may not be comfortable. They are a very different kind of fitting headphone. The body of the ear piece fits in the belly of your ear. Looks almost like a hearing aid. For me, they are comfortable and i run the cable over my ear. This style is much more sound isolating then the previous SHures I mentioned.Cable is a wee bit long, which is a bit of a hassle for working out. I need to get some kind of clip or run it under my shirt. Some folks complained about noise from the cables (rubbing against shirt, each other, etc). I have not experienced that noise.Highly recommend. I love 'em.
I don't do may reviews, I do it just for products I consider either really good or really bad. These monitors are part of the former group. The sound is amazing. Low, mid and high frequencies are masterfully balanced. I used to have the Shure E2C, and although they sound good, I wasn't thrilled about their bass. I'm not a bass head, but I like to be able to hear the presence of drums and bass in my music. Although the E2Cs did a good job, they were not excellent. The SE215 blow the E2Cs out of the water in every single part of the sound spectrum. I don't think you need a burn-in period with these (although I burned them in for about 14 hrs beforefirst use).Fit is just great, extremely comfortable, much better than the E2Cs. They isolate outside noise very well. I just bought them and I am extremely happy. At this price, it is a no brainer.
I feel a little bit more sane after reading the negative reviews of the SE215s that mention the flaw regarding the left ear piece.  Of course, most of those reviews were written just after I purchased them and also after the small window I had to return them.  At least I'm not the only one...and at least I don't feel like I'm literally cursed when it comes to ear buds.Yes, the left ear piece also inexplicably died after about a month and a half of actual use.  Right now, I can either listen to them and have the left ear drop out every time I move my head (which causes a new level of Rage)...or I can send them back for replacements and expect the same thing to happen.Guess I'll send them back as they're still under warranty, though it's way past the time by which I could return them.I dished out good money because of the Shure name, so to say this is disappointing is a major understatement.  This is extremely annoying/enraging.  I like the sound on the SE215s, I like the fact that there's no wire noise, and they drowned out sound pretty well, so much so that (if they worked) I could well by run over by a bus as I was trying to adjust the left ear piece in the street.The design and fit on these is strange, so please take note (aside from the fact that they, you know, BREAK after a couple of months).  These are like in-ear monitors...the piece goes all the way into your ear (so you can feel like Bono or someone on stage), and annoyingly, the wire goes up and around and back of your ear...which I suspected was why they may have given out since I was constantly adjusting them.  No, only the left one.The design is odd and definitely not for everyone (unless, again, you love adjusting wires and sticking them behind your ears/hair).  The other thing, oh yeah, THEY BREAK EASILY.  Forget about "burning them in"---what's the point?  The 50 hours that will take is a fraction of the time the things will actually work in your ear.Thanks, Shure.  I think by the time I'm done buying ear buds I'll have paid enough money to get the iPod installed in my cranium, where I can never turn it off.NOT recommended.
The left ear piece stopped functioning just like other reviews stated here.  The sad part is that it happened right after the 30 day return policy date.  Checked with Amazon and the rep informed me that I have to contact manufacturer for replacement. I would avoid this product as this issue seems to be way too common.
I need noise canceling earphones and already familiar with SHURE products, I opted to buy a pair of Live Sound monitors. I find them awkward to use because they have to be adjusted over the ear each time you use them.  The wire is soft and once you take them out, the wire straightens itself out. The purpose of buying this kind of monitor was so that I could place them over my ears, so twisting each one into place each time I used them was annoying. The left one shorted out from turning.The RT. ear is marked in red, the left in blue. You must find this color each time you use them. They are fragile and would not stay in the shape I had placed them. Although the sound effect was good, the product is substandard in my opinion. SHURE is generally a good brand too buy, but not this product.
I have found these difficult to use but liked the sound quality when I got them on. They are very hard for me to put on my ears.
Complete garbage. From first use, right out of the box noticed slight head movements caused static and cut-out. Returning asap.
Love them, they have amazing sound quality! I tried out the $300 Beats headphones after i got these and the shures sounded better in my opinion and they are only $80. These earbuds are a steal!
I needed new headphones for my ipod, something practical, yet with good sound quality. Before this I had the Klipsch S4, which provided really good sound quality, but the cable didn't last long... So after doing some research I got this ones, and I'm not totally happy about them. Yes, the sound quality is awesome, but they are really uncomfortable, they even kinda hurt, and just to get them on I need some sort of manual.The other issue I have with them is the sound isolation feature. Even though it works incredibly, I never thought it would be an issue for when I went out and around. I like to listen music while commuting or just out walking, but adding to the fact that they are uncomfortable and hard to get on/off, it gets me slightly paranoid not to listen to anything around me but my music, just something to keep in mind... And even though I can't listen to anything around me, I can listen to my steps, and that can be really annoying...So even though they are good at doing their job, we are not a good fit...
Completely fantastic.  I typically ride with 33dB hearing protection.  These are even better, and I can listen to music. Sound quality is excellent.  Sound isolation is truly impressive!
Excellent sound when they worked!  This is my second pair of Sure headphones, and the audio drivers are better than ever, but...  the connector piece to the ear-bud is junk.  After one month the sound would cut in and out from the slightest movement.  Now no sound at all.  This problem is wide spread with this design.  Just read the other reviews for sure headphones with this same design.  It's as if they never field tested these.
I have owned these headphones for several months now, and I am so pleased.  My friend has the top of the line shure ear phones ($500), and I spent a weekend listening to them, and decided that my collection of $5-30 dollar headphones just weren't enough.  The shure se215 had just come out and had gotten some glowing reviews, so I took a couple extra tutoring jobs and bought these amazing headphones.  You can tell the difference between the se535s and the 215s, but they are surprisingly close in quality, and way better than the bose headphones that a lot of my friends have.  The audio is so clear, the sound isolation is fantastic, they are light and comfortable, and with the right music, they are magic.  I did have to replace my first set because of a funky wire in the left earphone, but shure was great about getting them to me quickly and for free, they even covered the cost that I had to pay to ship the faulty ones back!  Great product.  Great service.  I am hooked!
I bought these headphones because I was looking for something different.  The design of these headphones gave me a bad headache all the time.  The headphones are designed to go into your ear canal for better sound.  I started to get used to them would still get mild headaches after listening to them for a long time, like during workouts.  Great sounding headphones but if you got sensitive ears, which I guess I do, get something else.  These headphones also do not stay in your ear during long workouts where you sweat a lot. Good luck finding some that don't, but for 100 dollars I at least don't want headaches.  Five stars for sound, Two stars for comfort only........
I am a huge fan of Klipsch Earphones ~ unbeknownst to me why on a whim, I purchased these for iPod use, but I am so very glad I did! The sound coming from them straight out of the box is incredible - really, just blows Klipsch out of the water (hey, it surprised me, too ;o) ). I could hear tones using these earphones that I never knew existed using the Klipsch. The sound is very well balanced and rich ~ clarity? outstanding!I LOVE the slightly longer cable.Watch out - the ear sleeves are really hard to change ... It was much easier to change detaching the cable and I used a toothpick to pry up under the sleeve ~ once I did that - it didn't take me two minutes to change them out (figuring that out of course took longer than that ;o) ) ...It's taken me a little while to get used to the cord going over the ear style - but take them on and off a few times and it's no problem.For the person who said the Noise Isolating was a "con" ~ to me, it's not - they are, after all, 'sound isolating' earphones right? It's a plus and it definitely works :o) (and there are warnings in teh packaging not to use in any place you *need* to hear surrounding noises)I love they fit inside the ear, too ~ I can sleep with them in very comfortably.
I'm not an audiophile to the point where I have spent thousands on amps and headphones, but I do have an ear for music. These Shure earphones are not only an upgrade in physical quality but sound and quality as well. Comparing these to the previous generation, the bass has been much improved. As I've read in other reviews the highs do somewhat lack but for $100 high end earphones, you can't expect the very best. I mainly use these as a personal monitor when I play the drums and immediately noticed the improvement in sound quality than my previous set. I was able to hear my bass very clearly and my drums simply sounded much better just by listening to them through my earphones. They fit so naturally and comfortably in my ear they truly are no bother at all. The malleable first couple of inches is great for preventing the cable moving around too much. The removable cable has not caused any sort of issues and I just hope it stays that way. Shure has always made great quality products so I doubt it will be an issue.If you truly care about the music you listen to, dump those silly Skull Candy earphones and pick up a pair of a real earphones.
When the earphones work, they sound amazing.  Unfortunately for me this is the 2nd pair ive recieved that has a defective left earphone.  Sound will hiss, cut in and out when i move around.  Sometimes i can move my head slightly and find the sweet spot that will completely cut sound out.This must be a design flaw because ive read up on other shure models, and similar problems happen to others left earbud.
I had a terrible experience with Shure and their customer service.  I enjoyed the headphones but they were of a very low quality, failing within 12 months of buying them.  They had a 2 year warranty so I sent them in and had them fixed/replaced.  I used the replacement set for another 12 months and they failed again.  I attempted to return the headphones for a second time but was informed my warranty expired 2-3 weeks before contacting the company.  They were used for very light use and as an engineer in charge of quality at a manufacturing company I'd have to say these have a failed design.Stick to the headphones that come with your iPod or try another manufacturer.
Update: Did send it out for repairs, and they were replaced, 2 years and they are still working just fine.They sound great, but only after a month the left headphone stopped working. It was not damaged or abused so I can only assume it is a fallowed unit.
Anytime I purchase anything, I find I peruse Amazon for its customer reviews, and decided to finally post, and hopefully this will help someone in a similar situation find what they are looking for.That being said, I was looking for a quality set of in-ear buds that would be: immersive in its sound range, fun with a significant amount of bass, and durable in its build quality.  Iphone functionality would be a big plus as well.  My budget was around $100-125.I purchased the Sennheiser CX series earbuds, which were obnoxiously bright and yellow.  I got a great deal from a friend, so decided to try them.  I also purchased the Shure S115i, and the Klipsch S4i, with the full intentions of settling on one and returning the rest to Apple.  The Sennheisers were pretty mediocre all around, and I use them when I know I'll be beating them up on a long run.  I loved the warm tones of the 115s, but they lacked the oomph in the low end I was really looking for.  The S4i I have to say, was the most fun out of all three.  The bass is killer, and I actually find the oval tips rather comfortable.  However, the build quality is absolutely shocking, and ended up being a dealbreaker for me.  I returned all of them and decided I'd continue my search.  I stumbled across the 215s on here and decided to check them out after seeing so many positive reviews.The build is fantastic.  The cable isn't kevlar, but seems to be a thick rubber, and is fully replaceable.  I love the design of the buds, and after a little molding of the behind-ear cabling, it fits and feels great.  I truly love the foam tips, and the flat design is easy to lay on if you are in bed listening to them.Sound quality is what I expected, and was pleasantly surprised with the bass response.  Mids and highs come in crisp and clean, and the bass kicks without being boomy.  You are not going to get the earth-rattling bass of the S4 but it definitely holds its own, and is very defined and tight.  My collection of music ranges from bass-heavy dubstep to acoustic rock, and it plays every track clean and accurately.  I almost wish it had just a touch more kick-in-the-pants bass boom to it, but I wouldnt sacrifice the clean and tightness that you get here for it.All in all though, I stand behind this as my favorite of the bunch.  I don't have the sophisticated ears of an audiophile, but I enjoy losing myself in every subtle note when I listen to music.  I really found what I was looking for in these, and recommend them for anyone looking for Shure quality and build with the added bass thats missing from the 115s.
I've previously owned the E2C which I liked but like many users had experienced, mine broke 3 times within 2 years because of exposed copper wires. Although Shure would replace them for free each time they broke but it was still quite annoying. There're a few things that I really like about the SE215 in comparison to the E2C:-The packaging is extremely easy to open. I no longer have to slice open a rock with my scissors/cutter just to get the earphones out.-Comes with a earwax removal tool which is helpful in keeping them clean.-Stronger bass and better overall sound quality.-The cord does seem a tad sturdier and is detachable, which allows easier replacement just in case it breaks again. But I hope it won't come down to that.If I'm not mistaken, these earphones come with a 2-year warranty during which Shure will replace your earphones for free. More info at:shure.com/americas/support/service-repair/index.htm
These headphones are fantastic. I ride the subway every day and the noise isolation is great. They fit comfortably and they make talk radio and heavy base music alike sound amazing. The cables are the sturdiest of any headphones I have ever had ... as if that isn't enough, they are also replaceable. The noise isolation is far better than Klipsch s4 headphones and they are just as comfortable. Noise isolation is on par with Etymotic m3 headphones, but these are far more comfortable. I did notice some cable noise with these headphones but it seems to be coming from the behind-the-ear portion, which is a bit "springy." Overall, these are by far the best $100 and under headphones I have owned thus far.
...but it's fixed itself suddenly. I was walking with these buds on when the right one had a weaker sound. I remembered reading a review that these suckers broke on the first try, and the curse seems to have victimized me for the time being. Right now, it works perfectly like new, but if it does suddenly break like it did before, I am going to return these garbage. /rantBut besides that, these are fine, very fine, earphones. Luxury and quality earphones at your disposal for $100. You will probably be one of the world's 0.1% total population to be able to experience Shure's SE215-CL and be half blown away and half "pleasurized" by it. I have owned a set of Bose In-Ear headphones and these win as twice as much better. However, the way these earphones are supposed to be worn isn't very "conventional" but you'll get used to wearing them after a minute or two of "practicing." (I couldn't figure out which one goes to my left or right ear. How silly was I. The bud that points towards the left indicates it's meant for your left ear and vice versa.)Btw, I also owned ATH-A700 and I actually prefer these to AT.Enjoy your music with these devils (paradoxically).Oh, and I will come back and give these five stars if these devils don't suddenly break after a week's use.edit: Ok, I just found the reason. It did not BREAK. It just happened so that I put the bud in one of my ears so tightly that it blocks out sounds, as confusing as it sounds, but I now know the problem. Also I just remembered that my right ear canal is a tiny bit smaller than that of my left, so that explains the supposed mythical flaw. GET THESE! It took for me about 3 days of burn in and they are fantastic.
Amazing sound, noise isolation  (with the right foam)  and comfort. They're almost comparable to their 5x more expensive cousins -the  SE530s - which I've been using for about 3 years now. I've used other sound isolating earphones over the years in the $50-500 range and for $100 these are very impressive - I will be getting a couple more to give as presents!! Highly recommended.
Just bought and am loving it.  Had the Klipsch S4's before.  Although the sound quality was great, the comfort was terrible and the quality of the wires were bad.  After one year of use, the right ear stopped working.  Tried the Bose MIE2 at the store.  The fit was awkward and was not noise isolating.  The quality was only good when you pressed the earbuds into your ear.I like pros/cons list, so this is how I'm going to do my review for the Shure se215Pros:-For this class and price range of in ear headphones, absolutely amazing sound quality.  Crisp sounds, great bass.-Was skeptical of the different fit.  However, it conforms to your ears very well.  The tips are also more foamy than rubbery which creates a nice comfortable fit-Wires are replaceable! GENIUS!Cons:-The wire is a bit bulky and long.  This could become annoying if I had to store in jeans pocket, etc.  But I guess it's a tradeoff for durabilityI also bought the iPhone mobile accessory.  Although a bit steep at $50, I think it's worth it.  Great functionality (volume, next/last track, forward, play/pause).  The cable is also shorter (but a still a little bulky).Bottom Line:  After a lot of research and debate, I am very satisfied with my purchase.
They sound ok, but they are a very poorly designed set of earphones. The cord makes a lot of noise, when it rubs agaisnt my clothing and at the table. They don't feel great inside my ears and it is very uncomfortable to wear then on the go. I also must say that the cord is unnecessarily long. I am 6 feet 3 and there is too much cord hanging when I stand up. I also tried then for a quick run and hated the experience!I really wantes shure phones, but I am already searching for another brand.
MY OPINION:Durability of the spliced ends:  I get a new pair of earbuds pretty much every year because the wires (where they attach into the earbuds) eventually get worn and break.  I'm a 44 year old woman and wear them for running or while on the elliptical (so general wear and tear).  Being that I have professionally done the same type of splices that where done on these "refurbished" earbuds, I know that these splices cannot withstand (for very long) the movement that they will be subjected to if one uses them when exercising.  I would never recommend that splice with a wire that will be moving around very much.Cost of this refurbishment:  I had already spliced my old pair (at home--for free), with a much more reliable splice job (so I guess I'll keep using my old ones until I order NEW ones).  I'm curious as to how the seller feels he/she rates to charge $99 for this repair splice, that takes about 5 mins.  I really have to question the ethics of that.Next issue with these earbuds:  I have a pair of the old Shure 215's, which I purchased about a year ago, only mine are better because they have a part that can be used with a cell phone.  I may have missed that feature in these refurbished ones, but I would expect the newer version to have, at a minimum, the same features--not less.My last issue is that now I'm being charged to ship them back because I'm not willing to settle for the quality of this product??  And I also paid to ship them to me..  I feel like I got jacked since the earbuds are junk--in my opinion.By the way, the replacement ends (when you need to change them out), I think I saw somewhere that they cost $40 by themselves.  For that amount, you've spent about half the amount of the original cost of the refurbished ones.
I have owned these earphones for about a month now.  I don't know if I would consider myself an audiophile, but I enjoy my music when it sounds good.  When my old pair of Sony earbuds fell apart, I decided it was time to step up to an entirely new level of earbud sophistication.  After some research, I decided on the Shure SE215, which had received many favorable reviews.  Plus, at roughly $100, the price was reasonable compared to other kinds of headphones out on the market.Ultimately, the Shure SE215s are the best sounding in-ear headphones I have ever heard.  There were, however, a few initial problems with these earphones.  This next portion of the review is going to sound overwhelmingly negative, but bear with me!The first problem I had with these earphones came down to comfort.  For the first week or two of ownership, the SE215 is a difficult headphone to wear comfortably, and finding an easy way to wear them is a long and awkward process.  The SE215 is shaped quite differently than any other earphone I have owned, and therefore resulted in some unique kinds of ear pain and fatigue from even the briefest periods of use.  The cable on the SE215 is designed to curve up and over the ear, which was once again completely different from any other earphone I have used.  Problem is, the cable is quite rigid and will not curve around the ear easily.  In fact, it took me a good three hours before I had found a way to keep the earphones in my ears without the cable falling off and bumping into my cheek, which was annoying.  Then, after I found a way to keep the earphones in my ears, the next issue presented itself.  They sounded terrible, alternating between a slightly "tinny" sound with no bass and having the right earphone muted in comparison to the left earphone.  This was confusing, because the SE215 was supposedly the best sounding earphone in the world for the price.Now, any sane person would be asking themselves why I gave these earphones a perfect 5/5 if I had such a rough time with them.  Rest assured, there is a light at the end of this tunnel.  Allow me to explain.The ear pain and fatigue is common with any new kind of earphone.  As mentioned before, I have owned Sony earphones over the years.  I remember each one of those headphones bothering my ears for the first few weeks of ownership.  Eventually, your ears just get used to the new earphones, which leads to lessened pain and fatigue.  After a month or so of regularly listening to them, the SE215 no longer fatigues my ears.  They are actually rather comfortable.  The cable has also limbered up a bit, making it easier to fold up and around my ears than before.But the biggest improvements have to be attributed to the foam "sleeves" included with the SE215.  These headphones come out of the box with six pairs of interchangeable "sleeves," which are the parts of the earphone you insert into your ear.  Three pairs are rubber, and three pairs are made of a fragile foam.  Having no experience with foam sleeves, I immediately attempted the rubber sleeves.  I am not too sure why these earphones come with rubber sleeves, because they are largely useless.  The rubber sleeves refused to stay in my ears and made the earphones sound awful.  So I moved on to the foam sleeves, which were a revelation.  Not only are they very comfortable, but the foam sleeve really allow the Shure SE215s to work their magic.  In order to work properly, the instructions state that the earphones must have a good seal against the outside world.  The foam sleeves provide that seal, leading to a sound experience that rivals even the audiophile-spec Sennheiser HD 595s I use for serious stereo listening.  The foam sleeves are fragile, though, so handle and replace them with care.The Shure SE215 really is a fine piece of audio equipment.  They sound phenomenal, easily matching much more expensive headphones and outclassing everything I have tried up to this point in my life.  There are some initial problems, but these problems will either go away over time or can be erased entirely by using the foam sleeves.  I would not use them for exercise, but that's what a cheap pair of earbuds are for.  I highly recommend the Shure SE215 to anyone wanting an amazing earphone.
So I have been reading qualitative and quantitative reviews for probably the biggest market right now, earbuds in the $100 range.Obviously these aren't going to be your bottom basement earbuds but they aren't going to be world class monitor earbuds either.  I think it's a great range for your enthusiast who is willing to spend some extra money for a better product.Initial Comments: I have had a few good earbuds but most of them are almost disposable.  I was in the market for earbuds around $100, give or take a few bucks.  I had narrowed it down to these Shures and the Sony MDR-510.  I have always been partial to Sony earbuds since I bought a bluetooth headset for my phone to listen to music w/o cords to the phone.  The only issue is the Shure's are widely recognized and reviews are aplenty.  The Sonys were just released and almost little to no decent reviews by any major website or amazon.  I chose the Shures and it's almost a regret.Pros: First off the cord seems up to the job. It feels heavy and somewhat stiff, it's not going to rip under normal usage.  Some don't like the long cord but I do (although the Sony's have an option for a long cord or short).  The case is normal, a stock item in this level of earbuds.  I like the different sizes / materials for the earbuds as well. The little tool to clean the earbuds is a nice touch (I'm a bit of a germophobe). I like the replaceable cords. The earbuds look nice but that doesn't really matter to me since I want performance and performance they give.  Obviously I have never had this level of earbud but there are definitely the best I've had.  That being so, I felt some of the reviews overly hyped these earbuds.  I get over the "new product hype" and take a more pessimistic view for almost all of my purchases.  They fit really comfortably in my ears and I love I can lay down with them in.  I have been flying to and from the states to Asian countries so comfort for 14 hour flights was a must.  These work well.Cons: So obviously they're great headphones but I feel people want to hear the short comings more so than overall praise.  First, these are the first earbuds I have had that wrap the cord around the top of the ear and down.  While that helps keep the cord out of the way and more stable, the cord is too stiff and so they kind of don't hug my ear well.  Sometimes the cord itself "swings" away from my ears and hits my cheek.  I have tried to bend them to be more tight against my ear but to no avail.  Also I wear glasses, sometimes taking off sunglasses or my glasses will pull on the cord.The biggest con I have so far is intermittent cutting off of sound.  I don't know if it's these particular pair or the earbuds themselves, I have not see anyone else have this issue.  Sometimes I move around and my left earbud will cut out of sound.  Now it's kind of random because I will bob my head around and it won't cut off.  Mind you I am sitting the whole time, I'm not running or exercising. I have never had an earbud cutout like this.  Maybe it's the fact that the cords are replaceable is causing the cutoff.  I find this has almost ruined my whole experience with these earbuds.  Unfortunately I bought these a week before I left the country and have been gone for 4 weeks (I'm still out of the country).  So I can't return them although if Shure's warranty is as great as I hear, I shouldn't have a problem getting them replaced, fixed, whatever is necessary to have them not cut out.  $100 pair of headphones shouldn't cut out, even my cheap $15 audio tecknica's have never had this issue.So there you go. Yes there are very good, probably one of the top sub-$100 earbuds.  They are comfortable and should last. The only reason it's getting 3 stars right now is the cutoff.  I mean that is almost a deal breaker at this price.
I was very excited to buy these headphones a week ago. I'm not an audiophile but received some bose in-ear headphones a few years ago as a gift and loved them...until they stopped working due a problem with the cord/wiring, which seems to be a common issue..I was sold on the sound quality of the Shure headphones and other customers' reviews. So, I picked these up in anticipation of a big overseas trip. Well the headphones showed up and worked great for two days. Then, the left earbud inexplicably stopped working altogether. I had specifically bought these b/c I liked that the cord was detachable from the earbuds - after the cord issue w/my Bose I thought this was a great product feature. Well - that doesn't mean jack if the earbud stops working...after ~4 hours of light use!!!! Not sure if it was a lemon or what...but bottom-line, Shure needs to do a better job w/quality control. Judging from the few other posts on here, I'm not the only one to have them break after a few days of use.the sound was good while it lasted...I hate shopping in general and there is nothing worse that doing your research, making an educated product purchasing decision, and then feeling like you got screwed due to cheap manufacturing practices...
I was looking for an upgrade to my Etymotics which I like very much but were lacking in lower end frequency response. I had listened to the Shure SE 425 and 525's but $400 or $500 for in ear iPod headsets?  I'm not cheap but have a problem spending twice as much money for an accessory as I paid for the device. I read a review on the Shure SE215 and decided at $99 to buy a pair. So far they're great!  I'm a part time musician so I'm pretty picky about my music. The SE215's have a big sound, perhaps a little bass heavy but since I'm a bass player I like that. Cons: This is not a small in the ear and the design makes you experiment a bit to get the right position and feel. Once in properly you are not going to forget you're wearing a headset. Several people have talked about left ear hiss. So far no problems here but I've only had the set for a few weeks.
note 1: ALL Shure earbuds WILL experience problems after 6 months.  however, Shure provides excellent 2-yr warranty.  you ship the merchandise back to Shure and they return good units in about 2 weeks.note 2: SE215CL or SE215K?according to Shure, they are one and the same except the casing and wire, CL is "clear" transparent casing and wiring.  K is black casing and wiring.  i own BOTH however, for some reasons i found the K (black) much better sound than CL.  if i had to do it again, i will go for K (black casing).i have been using Shure earbuds since 2005e3c, e5c, SE215, SE435.... all extremely good earbuds priced from $100-$400.by my assessment, SE215 is the best earbud ($99) consider the price to benefit rationo doubt you get better more refined sound in SE435 and e5c (discontinued) but the additional pricing (300% more) certainly does not deliver 300% better sound.  i would say for the additional $200 you pay for SE435, you get at best 10%-15% better sound compared to the SE215.conclusion:if money is not an issue, buy the SE435 or even SE535, they are really good.but if you want to be smart consumer, and don't mind 10%-15% less sound quality, SE215K is what you need.
Update, my left earbud stopped working.  It seems the connection went bad and its not the wire but the earbud part.  Now I have to send this in for repair.  Not a very well constructed earbud because they are so fragile.I had the old Shure headphones from back in 2006 that finally broke at the connector so I needed a new replacement.  These sound great with a good balance of sound.  Overall sound is much better than my old pair.  The wire that goes over the ear is cumbersome, I'm still not used to it but once you bend the wire near the ear and cinch the rubber thing up its secure.  I expect the speaker part to last awhile, and if the wire goes bad you just have to replace that part which is great.  Approved.
I had the Bose IE headphones before these, and there is no comparison, these have such clearer mids and highs, and you can really feel the bass in these earbuds.  They also sound better than my qc2s, which is pretty surprising considering the price difference, although I cannot speak to comparing them to the newer qc15s.  It takes a little while to figure out just how to get the earbuds fitting comfortably, and in the right position.  If they don't sound incredible right from the start, you're probably not wearing them right. If the silicone or foam tip is not in the right position to give you a nice noise isolating seal and get the sound directly into your ear, they sound like completely mediocre headphones.  With a little adjustment, you should be able to feel a good seal, preventing most outside noise, and then they will sound amazing.  I take a train into a city everyday, and they cancel out almost all outside noise, making for a great morning commute. They handle everything beautifully and most of my music sounds like I'm listening to it for the first time.  Jazz (Miles Davis, Ella and Louis) sounds richer and more dynamic than I've ever heard.  One of the most interesting things about the Shures is that in areas of songs where extreme highs used to be grating on my ears using other headphones, on these they sound more balanced, much less harsh, and more like the notes were probably intended.  Rock, classical, pop and bluegrass all sound amazing, but the Shure 215s are most impressive when you throw bass-heavy music at them. Daft Punk sounds like you're at a live concert, and the bass rocks like you would not believe.  All in all, these are incredible earbuds that deserve all the praise they're getting.  Highly recommended.
Pros - As I've come to expect of all Shure earphones, the sound quality on these babies is excellent.  And the noise isolation is as it should be.  I'm no audiophile per-se, but I personally can't settle for less than this kind of quality in a set of earphones.Con's - Compared to the 115's and 210s, the 215's construction is a bit trickier to learn to fit properly.  But once you get used to them, you can come to appreciate their ergonomic form.
They sound fantastic, but the plug is so BIG that you cannot use it with an iPone 4 if you want to use a case on your iPhone.This was a huge deal breaker for me.Returned.
After looking at comparable earphones from Klipsch, Etymotics and  Shure, I decided to settle on Shure's SE-215.  The SE-215 delivers in sound quality.  Highs are crisp, mids are clear and lows produce some great bass (pending you have the proper cushions in place).  Compared to the Klipsch S4, the SE-215 has richer mid's and the bass was more tonal compared to the slightly "boomy" klipsch drivers.  All in all the sound quality was above my expectations for a pair or earphones costing approximately $100.My only gripe about the set was the cable.  It's very long but more than that, the 2 inches closest to the earbuds are made up of this thicker material that is god-awfully frustrating.  Bending it to the contours around your ear is tough, especially when moving and it's prone to come loose during rigorous activity (Marathon Running / Rock Climbing).  Thank god you can replace the cable but it should have came with something a bit more manageable.
(that I've tried)I mostly listen to full sized phones but wanted a pair of IEMs for working out and for days when i don't want to lug my ah-d2000's to work.I started out with the thinksound ts01. It had amazing spacial details but was all bass, few mids and hardly any treble. (costs less than se215)Next i tried the Sennheiser ie6 (costs more than the se215)they had the mids that i missed in the thinksounds but were veiled from the mids onward.After the Senn's broke I switched to these, priced between the aforementioned models i found the to have the most balanced sound signature. They don't really play up into the highest treble regions, but they do have better treble than the previously mentioned phones. The mids are the real star of the show on these phones, but the bass is HUGE when the seal is right. These phones literally have some of the best bass ive encountered. huge and full while maintaining punch and clarity. they lack the depth of the senns or thinksounds but they have  much better balance. They dont come close to my ah-d2000's in depth or clarity but those are full sized cans at 3 times the price so its not a fair comparison. I do prefer them to my 7506's though.Being as the sound tube goes kind-of far into the ear, im not sure id want more treble anyway, any sibilance is bad sibilance in that sort of situation.The isolation on these things is crazy good, and could be dangerous in the right circumstance (jogging by a busy road would be out of the question). outside noise can barely get in, with music at even low volume you cant hear a thing.
These are my second pair of Shure earbuds. My first were the SE115 and I loved them. They fit snug like earplugs and had great bass. When they finally died after 2 years I was planning to buy them again, but came across the se215s. since 100 bucks is the sweet spot for earbuds for me, I got these since there was not a price huge difference to upgrade.ProsThe earbuds can detached at the ear, so if you mess up the cord all is not lost.Great soundPrice is rightConsThis is just a personal preference, but on the se115 the cord detached where the earbud cords came together. You could buy an accessory cord for phone/ipod controls. I liked this because I could detached the cord without taking off my earbuds and put the cord under my shirt, and it would disconnect there instead of ripping out of my ears or damaging my ipod if it got snagged.Also, these are meant to wrap around the backside of your ears. There is a wire that bends around.
After researching forever I went with Shure.  The Bose I had heard and not to impressed with, so I thought I would try these.  The lows, mids and highs were great for my listening habits.  Also being able to remove the cables and replace them are great.  Try them.  They are great.
The sound quality of these headphones is great and they are a good value for the money.  However, they don't seem to fit well in my ear.  They keep falling out so I can't wear them when I exercise.
$100.00? Insanity for what you get. And don't get me wrong, I mean that in the best way possible. For the money, these things are awesome.For comparison, I previously owned a pair of SE115's that I was a pretty big fan of. Those weren't quite what I was hoping for, but they were cheap. Well, I had some extra money so I started looking for a new pair of earbuds. I looked at Shure's line because I've always been a huge fan - the company makes good earbuds. Well, I looked at the SE215's and the SE315's. For the money, most people seemed more impressed with the SE215's, so that's what I went with.They are awesome.Get them, you won't regret it! A huge step up from the 115's.
I can't get these things to stay in my ears!  I've tried all the different sizes of attachments, and none of them keep these headphones in my ears.  I'm just annoyed because instead of listening to my music, I spend the entire time attempting to keep the earbuds in my ears.  Right now I'm sitting in a library trying to get some work done, but I'm spending the time trying to keep these stupid things in my ears.  I guess I'll have to do without music.  So far it's seems like these were a waste of $100.  I think I might try to sell them and shop around for another nice pair of earbuds.  I have some nice can headphones for home, but I want a nice pair of earbuds for when I'm out and about.  Does anyone have any suggestions for about the same price?
After having had many sets of headphones that were good, but not great - they each lacked something: Sony - too bassy; Sennheiser, good, but distorted sometimes and lacked midrange and the bass sometimes was too bassy like the Sonys; Shure SCL2s - never had enough bass and stuck out of my ears, so I couldn't put my head against a pillow or airplane seat; Shure SCL3s - better sound, slightly better bass, but still couldn't rest my head on a pillow.  Enter the Shure SE215s.....  Very well balanced sound - I had to turn off my iPod EQ to get tonal balance (excellent sign for the headphones) and strong, but not overwhelming bass came through.  midrange is also strong and the treble doesn't blow your ears away.  I can finally rest my head on a pillow!!!  They fit snugly and I think the wraparound wire makes sense and is comfortable.  I can listen to these headphones for hours without discomfort and finally feel I got my bang for the buck.  Now, what to do with all those other duds that came before.....?
For the price of $99, these headphones beat out all competitions. WORTH MORE THAN $100. I fell in love with these headphones the moment I put them on. The isolation part is amazing. You hear nothing but MUSIC.
I just got these in and couldn't wait to unpack them because of all the great reviews of it. I was hesitant because of the reviews that said the one ear would go out, but I love a good pair of headphones and heard these were the best bang for the buck. As an FYI, I have a pair of Klipsch S4i and Monster turbines. (not to mention my gaming headsets: Logitech g9930 and Razer carcharias. I like headphones!) So, here's the rundown:Upon receiving the package, it was pretty cheap packaging. I was hoping most of the money went into the headphones instead of the packaging. Don't get me wrong, it was in a standard carboard box with plastic to keep it in place. I guess after getting a pair of monster turbines where the packaging was amazing, I am a little spoiled. Some might say this is a crazy thing to judge about, but I know that if they care for their product, they will put care into the packaging as well.Upon opening the package, I noticed the left ear foam piece was melted and looked nothing like it was supposed to. Maybe it has been sitting in the head too much? It wasn't that big of a deal since I knew I wasn't going to use the foam tips anyway. I much prefer the rubber ones that are included with the packaging. It was a pain to get the tips off and the rubber ones weren't that great to put on either, but it wasn't incredibly difficult.Putting on the earphones did prove to be a little difficult at first trying to figure out how they are supposed to go on. Once I did, I found that these earphones provided such a tight fit I couldn't hear much around me even without any music going. For me that's a bonus, but for some they may not.It does come with a small zipper case with a metal carabiner clip on it. I guess it would help with travel when you're not listening to them. The chord is Loong! and very nice! It also comes with an earwax cleaner for your earpieces which is always nice to have.Now, the sound: these earphones sound pretty amazing. The highs are clear and crisp, the mids are okay and the bass is pretty nice. I like a lot of bass in my music with bass drops and such and this hits them with a nice punch. For the price, these headphones are better than just about anything else out there at the same pricebreak of ~$100. I would get them again if the need ever arose. Still breaking them in, but they sound pretty nice out of the box already.
I had the Shure E2c for a good while and loved them. They got stolen and I found these crazy cheap. They outperform the E2c's, in my opinion, especially in the mids range.If you can find these for around $70 like I did, you can't find a better set from any other brand!  Even at $99 that I frequently see there are only a 1 or 2 other choices that are comparable. Each with it's own set of strengths and weaknesses.
Forget Monster beats, forget bose. This is the best i have. I have a Audio Technica ATH-ANC7B Active Noise-Cancelling headphones which i use during the winter and these headphones are way better than Audio Technica. The bass is perfect and listening dubsteps on the shure is awesome. Isolation is incredible!The only problem is getting used to putting it around your ears. Once you get it, you wont complain. i dont anymore!In short - Love em!
Nice product, very good sound!  The only problem is that the soft part of the ear bud doesn't quite fit my ear, so the headphones tend to fall out.  I tried putting another size on and they won't go on at all.  I used the tool and read and reread the instructions and I can't figure out how to get the ear pieces to fit on there.  Once I finally figure it out, this product will rock my ears off!
I purchased the Shure SE215-CL as a replacement for my Beats earbuds. The sound quality was quite impressive. Solid bass, good mids and highs. Unfortunately, the sound coming out of the left earbud became erratic the next day and any movement caused the sound to drop out. It was probably a defective unit, so I decided to return them. Shipping was excellent as I received them the day after I placed the order. Great Customer Service as vendor offered to replace them.
I've owned the SE115's and absolutely love them. The "only" issue is that I've gone through about 3 pairs in the past 18 months due to damaging the cable, so Kevlar is a must from here on out.The sound quality between the SE115's and the SE215's is indistinguishable to me, so no issues there. The fit is entirely different though, and I have yet to find a sleeve that creates a perfect seal to get the best base response and not hurt my ears. The other potential issue is that the part of the cable near the headphone has a hard, 3 inch protective plastic cover around it, which is great for protection but means the headphone gets knocked out of place easily when the cable is touched.To sum up:Pro's: Sound quality, Kevlar, fits flat against your ears (great for listening to music while in bed)Con's: Less snug than the SE115's, protective plastic cover makes it easier to knock the headphones out of place.
I would just like to say that when it comes to music sound quality, I'm spoiled.  I have a sound system in my car that cost me a few K's, and as unfair as it may be, I compare all sound sources to it.Of course, one cannot expect in-ear headphones to sound exactly like a car's sound system, but one can expect for them sound a little like it.  At the $150 and below price range, these are the ones!I've tried many, many in-ear headphones.  Klipsch S4's, Monster Turbines, Audio Technica ATH-CKS70's and the Sony MDR-EX300's just to name a few.  Let me say that each of the in-ear's just mentioned perform admirably, but, the SE215's do what all the others do well, in one package.  The high's of the S4's? Check.  The bass of the Turbine's and CKS70's?  Check.  The balanced sound of the EX300's?  Check.  Add to these features the replaceable cable, the perfect seal foam tips, durable construction, great looking transparent enclosure and what can I say?  Ladies and gentlemen, I think I have found a keeper.Buy these.  It will be the best $100 you will ever spend.  For those of you still using the stock earbuds that come with portable music players, listen to the SE215's and you will never go back!
These are easily the best earbuds I've ever owned, and that's listening to them before I burn them in.Let's temper that statement - I have only owned apple stock buds, a few different $15~$20 sets of earbuds, monster turbines, and these. The only real competitor here is the turbines, and surprisingly, I'd guess because of Shure's use of a dynamic driver in this model, the Shures blow the monsters away in bass punch and clarity.I have small canals, and I actually LIKE silicone inserts - the small silicone inserts fit beautifully.Depending on the shape of your ear you might have a less comfortable fit, but these buds feel like they were crafted to fit perfectly in my outer ear.The sound is great, full and rich and with a more powerful bass punch than I'd predicted. As an extra plug, SoundEarphones managed to deliver them to my door a full 2 days before the 1st expected arrival date. I'm going to start burning in these headphones tonight and plan to wear them enough to start bumping into people accidentally.Edit: Thanks to a comment from another user I changed these from 4/5 to 5/5 since I really shouldn't reserve a higher rating for a more expensive pair of earphones. These Shures are most likely the best set for this price point.1 more thing: Very glad I went with clear instead of black, they look really impressive.
This review is written by a non-audiophile so a bit of a caveat first of all.  I use my headphones primarily with my iphone 4.  My old headphones was a Shure SE110 which I used with the MPA-3C music adaptor.The SE215 was ultimately disappointing.  They do sound great. Compared to the SE110 the bass was deeper and the overall sound just seemed more clear, distinct, and richer. However there were several problems that does not make it user friendly:1)The first problem was evident immediately - the huge plug does not fit in the iphone 4 jack with the Apple Bumper on.  I use the my iphone for the gym and on the subway to work so this was a huge problem right away.  I had to take off the bumper to even try the headphones.  Even without the bumper, the fit was awkward as the plug was L shaped so it juts out from the iphone a little making it hard to put in and out of your pocket.2) The ear piece is much more angled.  I found it much harder to put in your ear and get a proper fit as you have to put it in jussst right.  You have to worry about both depth and Lateral placement to get the right fit.  The Shure SE110 was much easier as the total shape was similar to an ear plug and inserting the earpiece was exactly like putting in an earplug.  Since the SE110 earpiece was shaped more like a pickle,  you only had to worry about depth placement.3) I had ear fatigue from the SE215 after about only 15 minutes.  Never had that with the SE110.  I think this is because the SE215, due to its angle, is actually touching a lot more of the ear.  I did find it easier to rest my head sideways on the couch  with them on though as the SE110 jutted out of the ear too much4) The cord is really long.  I mean for years Shure bragged how their cable lengths were modular so you can get the length how you want it.  For some reason they turned away from this with the SE215.  That makes my perfectly good MPA-3C adaptor completely unusable as a)  I then have like 9 feet of cord and b) the microphone and controls are impossibly too far away to be of any use. So if you want to control the iphone from your headphones, you have to spend another $50 for yet another music accessory,  the Shure CBL-M+K Music Phone Accessory.  (Even if you don't,  you have to get it anyway or something similar if you want to use the SE215 with the iphone 4 and bumper)So very high marks for sound,  durability  (I've had them for 1 week now but they seem very high quality construction) but I wish I stuck with the SE110 or went with the SE115s instead or maybe tried a different brand entirely for use with my iphone 4.BTW,  I would shop around and do your research before buying headphones as this retailer along with others charge a 15% restocking fee,  plus you have to pay for the original "free" shipping as well as shipping back to the retailer.  So these $99 headphones would have cost me $30+ to return.  Instead I opted to get the mobile accessory so I ended up paying $150.
Forget Dr Dre,forget klipsch,and definitely forget BOSE this is the earphone to get.  This is by far one of the best $99 I ever spent on a pair of earphones. The fit is outstanding,the build quality of the SE215 is identical to Shure's $499 triple driver SE535. For $99 I challenge any one to do better than that. I highly recommend this earphones
Headphones are fantastic! I workout around 6 days/week and switched from the Power Beats by Dre, as much as I disagree with Beat's products... I liked the fact that the Power Beats were stationary, and sweat proof, as I am a heavy sweater...Initially, the SE-215's are a bit tough to break in, but once they are, the sound is fantastic. The noise cancellation feature is spot on, almost to the point of it being dangerous when I run in the city. The frequency response and power output are combined to produce some great sound. The cord is a bit bulky for a set of earphones cord, but it doesn't bother me.Shure is a great brand for audiophiles on a budget.The good: Headphones sound good for the price, and fit snug, once broken in.The bad: Mid range is a bit lacking compared to low's and high's. Also, nearly impossible to take off ear foam components... Since they are made of memory foam, when I squeeze them and try change them, I end up squeezing the foam so hard that it completely flattens out, resulting me to stop trying to pull the immobile ear bud from the headphones themselves. I like the memory foam, and the stock size is probably my size, but this is very frustrating.
Deep and powerful bass, outstanding forward mid range, only bad thing is the highs tend to get rolled off though they seem to get better as you keep listening to them. If the highs are not enough for you, its nothing a little bit of EQ can fix. Like many IEM's, try driving this with an amp or just pump more volume with the device you're listening with. That's where they really shine, especially the bass. Overall, amazing sound, I just feel that the clarity of the highs could have been better.The over the ear design and may be uncomfortable for some, but soon you'll learn to appreciate the ergonomics the SE215 has to offer. They sit almost perfectly in your ear, and its design helps block outside noise, and it does so VERY well. Just make sure you got the right ear tips (These come with 3 sizes of foam, and 3 sizes of silicone rubber ear tips) to ensure maximum seal and comfort. If none of them work out, there are always alternatives like the Westone True Fit, Westone Star Tips (Which are my favourite as of now) or Comply foam tips.
Bought these to replace an old set of Shure earbuds.  They are more comfortable to wear, and easier to put in my ears because the tips rotate.  I've been a big music lover most of my life, and this is the best experience.  Hook them up to a SanDisk Clip Zip and it sounds like the orchestra is inside your head.  Great for shutting out the noise when flying.
I didn't expect that a set of ear buds would be able to replace my over ear noise cancelling Audiotechnica headphones.  Boy was I wrong!  These things sound amazing and the sound isolation is very effective.  They look nice everything about them feels high quality.My biggest complaint is that I had a very difficult time figuring how to put them on.  I never would have thought I would be searching Youtube for videos to find out how to put a set of ear buds in my ears but for the first few days that I had them this is what I was doing.  It may take you a few tries to figure out how to get them in and sealed properly.  Myself, I squish the black foam sleeves then press them into my ear, not just stick them in, actually use some force and press them in and then make a downward twist motion to settle the body into my ear.  After a few seconds the foam has expanded and is blocking outside noise.  Once you figure out how to insert them you will be very happy!
Simply, they sound AMAZING.
Most people would've heard from forums or friends that the Shure SE215 is a great pair of earphones. This statement is true.I'm no hardcore audiophile, but I really love this pair of earphones. It delivers bass really well, like, a really 'round' and punchy bass.I don't think its treble and clarity stands out from the crowd, but it still does a decent job delivering vocals and instrumental chords.I've paired it with a Hippo Cricri portable amp, and gosh does it sound great. The earphones have a lot of potential, as in, equalizing and bass boosting on your music player can be handled really well by the SE215.The only real problem I have with it is that the cables get entangled with itself real easily and it's slightly challenging to put on. Looking past these problems, the earphones are perfect for mostly anyone.For its price tag, it's a great buy, seriously! Anybody who falls into the "I just want something great without spending too much but I don't know what to buy" category, this is the earphone for you.
Great sound. When my $350 monitors stopped working, I got these. These sound just as good (possibly better, but I am unable to hear both at the same time... since my other pair, which goes for $400 NOW on amazon,, STOPPED working) for a third of the price.
Nice sound quality but the actual ear buds are awkward and it's hard to get them positioned in your ear properly. Bending the wire over your ear is also annoying... I had an older pair of Shure earbuds that was much better. Just put them in and go without having to fiddle with them...
Great headphone for the price, I love the sound quality and durability of these. I love the the deep bass, beautiful mids, and crisp highs. Great product for the price.
Sounds great! The "noise isolation" works very well by block out sounds from entering your ear. Not like the "noise cancellation" type of earphones at send a signal into your ear to counter outside noise. I use the silicone ear pieces. The set also comes with expanding foam ear pieces that work even better for noise isolation. The foam pieces are like those a construction worker or gardener (with a leaf blower) would use. You squeeze it and stuff it in your ear and it expands to fit the contours of the inside of your ear, forming a nice seal for "isolation." They stay in the ear really well. But for me, even the smallest size started to bother me after awhile by putting excess pressure to the inside of my ear, so I'm sticking with the silicone ones. I'm happy the set came with so many options. The stethoscope effect is very minimal. The loop around the ear takes some getting used to and is a little awkward at first, but once you have it molded around your ear, it works well.
Great headphone for the price, I love the sound quality and durability of these. I love the the deep bass, beautiful mids, and crisp highs. Great product for the price.
Sounds great! The "noise isolation" works very well by block out sounds from entering your ear. Not like the "noise cancellation" type of earphones at send a signal into your ear to counter outside noise. I use the silicone ear pieces. The set also comes with expanding foam ear pieces that work even better for noise isolation. The foam pieces are like those a construction worker or gardener (with a leaf blower) would use. You squeeze it and stuff it in your ear and it expands to fit the contours of the inside of your ear, forming a nice seal for "isolation." They stay in the ear really well. But for me, even the smallest size started to bother me after awhile by putting excess pressure to the inside of my ear, so I'm sticking with the silicone ones. I'm happy the set came with so many options. The stethoscope effect is very minimal. The loop around the ear takes some getting used to and is a little awkward at first, but once you have it molded around your ear, it works well.
Fit is very poor, continually falls out of ear! Overpriced! Not as expected
I was looking for some headphones for the gym that were a step up from the 10-15$ pairs of headphones that I usually buy, most meeting their demise by me destroying the cord.  The replaceable cord was a big seller for me and this is very reasonable bang for buck option that has a replaceable cord.I've never listened to more than a 10-15$ pair of in ear monitors prior to this purchase.  I'm floored by the sound.  Even my wife who claims she can never hear the difference between any speakers that I have auditioned in the house or in a car commented how good they were.
Pros:Sound quality is terrific with very crisp highs and very clear, if a little shallow, bassThe cable is detachable. In my experience, the ear buds will last well beyond the life of the cablesWide variety of ear tips made finding a tight seal very easyGreat passive noise cancellation (If you find the right ear tip)No sound leak at all. Crank these bad lads up without annoying those around youCons:Does not play well with moisture. I wouldn't suggest working out (I broke a pair after about a month at the gym)Some may find the over-ear cable design to be a tad wonkyCable lacks remote (In-line remote cables are available though)Summary:I have owned earbuds from Beats, Bose, Etymotic, Klipsch, Monster, etc. The SE215's are my favorite buds of all time, and the last pair that came close in terms of sound quality and durability were the Shure SE210's. While the sound recreation is stellar on the mids and highs, heavy-bass lovers may find the 215's to be lackluster. Do yourself a favor, end the search, and just get a pair of these.
I will start off by saying im not an audiophile. This is my 2nd pair of "nice" headphones. Ok on to the good parts about it. They have GREAT isolation. Almost too much haha. The sound quality is nice and clear. Dont know how to explain it very well but it was very flat.The bad... I bought these for use in school or while doing homework thinking that itd help me concentrate. However i could not get past the how uncomfortable they are. Im not a picky person and thought they wouldnt be that annoying but i was wrong. Its very difficult to put on and by the time you get it in, it has already began to irratate you so you yank them out. The swivel connection was extremely loose and would just slide around while trying to put on. Cord is very annoying and heavy.These are for performing musicians, not for the average person that wants good isolation. I made that mistake thinking theyd be ok for my day to day life. Overall very difficult to use and only mehh sound. Not for the average joe.
amazing sound.  after a while you have to wiggle or wrap the cords a certain way to get the sound to come out of both (and not just one) of the headphones.  Had this happen in other Shures too
Right earphone lost sound after 3 or 4 times use after I received the order within 1 month!!!Definitely defective batch maybe that is why there is the discount!Don't buy!
Dont waste your money. I bought them thinking they would at least last a year based on their price. after less than a month of use the input plug doesn't work like any other cheap earphones out there. The earphones I had before this where 15 $ skullcandys which lasted 3 moths. You do the math.
Sound is ok, for the price, quality of material used is good. Difficult to insert compared to my old Shure, and the wire is way too long, uncomfortable to wear overall.
The best.
Sound is incredible.  Good bass, all other levels are very clear.  Took practice to get comfortable in my ear and fit is snug.
Kinda weird getting use to them but good sound.
Makes for awkward encounters because you really can't hear anything that is going on in the real world when you are wearing these!I've been wearing them in cafes while I study and don't want to be distracted and I can't hear what is going on around me.I've been wearing them in the gym on the rowing machine and stay on better than any other ear phone I've ever tried - these are NOT falling out when you work out.The sound isolation is probably really good for my ears too: because they do such a great job of blocking the sound around me I can keep the volume of my music really low.  Used to be I'd have to crank up my music or language tapes when riding the subway, now I keep it at a normal level and I'm probably doing less damage to my ears.The nylon carrying case is the perfect size too.
I Love them ..they are awesome!!
Good sound
Awesome quality. Fair price.
I have had these headphones for about 2 months.  While the sound is one of the best I've ever gotten from these types of headphones, one of the earbuds died on me. This probably happened due to having them coiled in my pocket, stretching possibly etc. If you do consider buying this; make sure you treat them with care, just because they're expensive doesn't mean they're invincible, and I would strongly recommend buying from the website so you can get insurance (if that's a thing for these).
Sound is good. But you have to pick the flexible bud that fits your ear to get the best effect. The bass is good as the highs. The complaints I read about adapting the buds around the ear is not as bad as mentioned. I fly a lot and have to place them on my ears often. After the third adjustment I know exactly how to use them without difficulty. Its really simple. The cord is a little long but better long than short. I like the cord. Of five different buds I own these are the best.
As a drummer, I was looking for an affordable quality transition from over ears to in ears for work in the studio and live. I would highly recommend this to any drummer on a budget looking to make the switch.
Until we allow babies to be shipped via FedEx to their final destination as opposed to riding on an airplane, I'm going to be using these to block out their piercing screams.
First pair of headphones that haven't been the stock kind from apple or samsung. I love them, they block out 98% of sound and has great audio quality.
just opened them, and they've managed to make a great replacement for some old E2Cs (which I love but really don't fit my tiny ears properly, they fall out even with the smallest sleeves), more recently followed by 2 broken pairs (Ultimate Ears and Klipsch). I won't stray from Shure again, sound quality is top notch and all the areas where my previous 2 pairs have broken (wire broke away at the jack connector) are reinforced and seemingly durable. Did I mention the sound quality is top notch? I can't wait to drown out the NYC subway sounds during my commute with crystal-clear and deep sound.
I bought these recently as part of a serious effort to find earbuds that deliver quality sound, secure fit, and affordable enough that I wouldn't be distraught if I lost them.These fit the bill perfectly. I used to own a pair of the previous-generation Bose in-ear phones. Really great sound, but they never sat very securely in my ears. I see that they have recently modified the ear attach point, but I was skeptical nonetheless.I tried these because of great reviews and the fact that I was able to purchase them at slight discount. The result is that I am extremely satisfied. So satisfied, that I am seriously considering purchasing on of the dual-driver models to get the sound to the next level. But these are more than adequate for daily use.Sound is balanced and clean. Not bass-biased like some more popular name brands. The younger me would have chased that bass sound, but the more even balance of these headphones are much better.Also, crucially, the fit is extremely secure without being uncomfortable. Most other earbuds I've tried are not well suited to normal movement. These can handle a great deal of head movement without requiring readjustment.These earbuds have made me a believer and I will definitely buy from Shure again.
Great buy
Love these.  I am a nervous flier, and flew by myself for the first time in 2011.  I was at an airport kiosk and looking for a pair of earplugs in my time to kill.  I came across these, and at first balked at the price.  "$100 for a pair of headphones?" I remember saying.  The guy at the counter was quick to point out these are "In Ear Monitors", and vastly superior to "headphones".  I was skeptical, but wanted something to keep the sound of an airplane engine out of my eardrums, and figured I'd treat myself. Boy am I glad I did!With music playing, I didn't have to hear the stewardesses give their stupid "put on your seat belt" speech, wasn't bothered by the babies and children on the flight, didn't really notice the engine except for the vibrations (not at all Shure's fault, I'm the idiot putting my life in the pilot/air company's hands...) and I can honestly say the sound is in a whole other class above what I'd heard before.I'm by no means an audiophile, but I am a Computer Engineer, and I feel at this point, these babies are no longer the cause of any of my gripes about sound quality.  I find myself seeking out lower compression/higher bit-rate music as I'm now listening on something that you can actually hear the difference between the upper-bit-rate mp3's and "lossless" audio encodings.I use them every day in my cubicle at work, and everyone within earshot is so glad I replaced my old, open air Sony wraparounds!  No sound gets in or out, so everyone is happy.  I've run over 10 miles on a trail with them and they stand up well.  I always use the foam tips as opposed to the rubber ones that also come with them, and have ordered a pack of replacement mid sized ones.  To me they seem to last about a year before you need new foam tips, which is not bad considering a pack of 6 is about $20 or so.All in all, can't recommend them enough, and these are the "entry level" Shure's.  Can't wait till I hit the lottery and can justify getting the $1000 ones!  Then again, I'll need to use them in a recording studio or something, because where else are you going to get truly lossless quality sound?
Combined with the Tripe Flange Sleeves (not included ... WHY???) I FINALLY have a way to enjoy music, audiobooks and podcasts while riding my motorcycle.These do a great job of blocking most of the wind noise I experience inside my helmet without needing high-cost, battery powered noise-cancellation provided by other manufacturer's headsets.They also do a GREAT job of blocking background chatter of colleagues in open-plan offices ;)
Somewhat upped cymbals around 2-4khz band but not irritating. The rest is pretty good including the bass response where some might be wondering. Very clear sound but people looking for a good sound stage and neutral sound should better look at something else.The detachable cable is not as great as I expected since you need to use the same special cable from Shure but it is indeed a relief in case you frequently get your cord damaged like my brother.Putting them onto your ears is a challenge at first few times but you get used to it and the plugs are quite great.
Absolutely love them!!
works very well - a noticeable improvement in design from the last set that I bought in 2008 (the old version's cables are cracked up and there was no way to replace the cables so i like the new design of replacement cords).
These are my first IEMs and I couldn't be happier with them even if I don't have anything else to compare them to. I'm a drummer, and whether it's live applications, or practicing to a metronome or music, these things protect my hearing while blocking out enough sound from my kit so I can hear the audio from the earphones clearly, but not so much as to block out my kit altogether. The bass is perfect in live applications, I can hear my bass drum and bass guitar very clearly. If you plan on using these for regular music/movie listening, mids and highs are very clear as well. It took me a few tries when I got them to put the foam tips in my ears but once I got the hang of it, It's been nothing but a great listening experience ever since and I feel better knowing my hearing is protected with these.
I absolutely love these! I'm a drummer and I am not a big fan of floor wedges so in ears were a must! They have great sound quality and the right amount of bass. I've heard things that I have never heard before on stage. These are a great piece of equipment definitely a must buy!
I've had these earphones for almost 2 years now and hardly a day goes by where I don't use them. I've used them everywhere: on the plane, on the bus, in the car, on the subway, while walking to classes, and so on. The sound isolation on these earphones is excellent and ensures they can be used in pretty much any setting. Cable noise (microphonics) also isn't an issue.I'm not going to comment on the sound signature because 1) I find from my ventures on head-fi that it just leads to increasingly pretentious and empty-sounding adjectives (cold, analytical, warm, fun, juicy...), 2) I use these IEMs frequently in noisy environments (which is the whole point of getting an IEM right? if I didn't need the isolation i'd just walk around with my headphones) and 3) I believe that it's the job of the artist, not the headphone, to make the music sound good (I listen to classical music). For me the ideal earphone would be an exact replicate of what one hears in real life (I think audiophiles would call this "neutral"). What I will say is that I also own a pair of Shure SRH840 full-size headphones, and that music from my headphones and IEMs sound pretty much the same except of course with a smaller soundstage on the IEMs. In other words, I've never had any complaints about the sound quality of these earphones, and I think they offer at least excellent value, maybe even the best, for their price.My one complaint is that after owning these earphones for about 2 years, sometimes the music doesn't come out properly from the left earbud and one has to give the cable a twist or two to get it to work. I've owned my Shure SRH840 headphones for 3 years and they have a similar problem, the music doesn't come out properly focused sometimes and one has to adjust the plug until it does. So I think this might be a cable problem with Shure products in general and I'd be curious to know if others have had this problem.In short these earphones offer excellent sound quality and isolation, but after a few years you may find that they don't work as perfectly as hoped, which is a little disappointing considering they do cost a nontrivial amount of money. If I were to buy a new pair of IEMs today, I'd take a really good look around and see if I can't do better than the Shure SE215, but even if you can't, it's not the end of the world by any means.
I have owned several headphones and earbuds over the last decade and have owned the Shure SE425, Shure SE315 and Shure SE215. I have also owned Sennheiser and Klipsch to name a few.Sadly, my SE425 ( a gift from my family) was stepped on and crushed accidently (bad day there) and I can't afford to replace that. I play the bass guitar and upright and use my SE315 when I sometimes asked to sit in at church (far cry from college band days in 80's)I would say I am probably like most everyone - I want a great set of earbuds that give me the best listening experience AND I don't want spend $100 and wonder if I paid too much or could have spent less.The SE215s are, in my opinion, the best cost to quality ratio of any earbud I have owned. FULL range of sound, mids are good and low end is great! The SE215 is versatile and will accommodate any music style or genre you enjoy.YOU MUST BURN THEM IN by just playing 20 hours or more of music (I just turn them up to 60% on my IPhone/Ipod and stick earbuds under a pillow). They sound great out of the box, but IF you do buy a really good set of earbuds they get better with use.IMPROVEMENTS: Shure has improved the one issue I did have with the earlier model SE115 which was the wire connection to the buds themselves. That thick cone shaped connector at the earbud itself is an actual connector allowing you to replace the wire OR ADD the MICROPHONE/CONTROL cable. I bought my daughter these earbuds and the jack got bent and just replaced the wire.Bottom line is the Shure SE215 is designed, professional audio equipment at a bargain price and If you can go a few extra bucks and want a set of earbuds that sound like $300 earbuds then the SE215 is a worthy investment.
The Shure SE215-K Live Sound Monitor headphones are good in-ear headphones.  After some tweaking of the wires and understanding how they best fit in my ears, they performed really well.  I recently traveled via the train and these headphones cut out all the noise of the train and most conversations surrounding me.These headphones are best used while looping over the year and they fit snug in the ear cavity much like professional in-ear monitor headphones used by professional singers without the multi-thousand dollar price tag.The headphones have a great sound and deliver a beautiful and dynamic range within your ears.  The bass is measured appropriately in comparison to the mid and high ranges.  The words of your music cut through music with clarity and give the customer a great listening experience.These in-ear monitors do have a little learning curve to them since they sit more into the ear cavity then other headphones, but if you want a great listening experience and can afford the price tag then you should consider the Shure SE215-K Live Sound Monitor headphones.
I love these things. They really block out the sound even at a fairly low volume. I think the sound quality is very good, but you may have to EQ the things to your taste.
Great sound
Bought these as a replacement for a pair of Klipsch X10s that had their flimsy cable die just out of warranty. Got sick of replacing expensive IEMs over this issue. The Shure line is the only remotely affordable option with removable cables, and they're not bad at all aurally - but there are some immediately obvious drawbacks.Pros:Superb sound isolation and secure fit makes them ideal for commutingWith a proper seal, they sound great for the price - nice bass that doesn't overpowerRemovable, thick cableCons:Awkward insertion processThe monitors themselves are large enough to feel uncomfortable in the ear after several hoursQA issues - had to send back a pair due to (apparently common) issues with sound dropping on the left ear.Fat plug won't fit most phone cases
my absolute favorite before I got a custom in-ears, highly recommended if you want seriously awesome sounds in an earphones but can't afford a custom fit in-ears, yet - or you can just save up and get the custom in-ears right away… BUY THIS!
Great equipment! Couldn't be happier with them.
works very well - a noticeable improvement in design from the last set that I bought in 2008 (the old version's cables are cracked up and there was no way to replace the cables so i like the new design of replacement cords).
I must say this model has been doing pretty well in terms on sound quality so far. The only problem I have with it is it's kinda hard to take out the ear buds to change them.It's good in the sense they don't fall off easily, but bad in the sense it's too good that I couldn't take it out==
I had to write a review after reading all these morons using these for walking,biking etc. THESE ARE FOR MUSICIANS AND PERFORMERS FOR LIVE SETTINGS!!!! THESE ARE MEANT TO BLOCK OUT LOUD SOUNDS AND ISOLATE WHAT YOURE HEARING IN YOUR EARS!!! Duh! And if you cry babies have a problem they come with different size ear buds for a reason!  Okay now thats off my chest, I am a touring/studio drummer and I always used the Shure E2's...they don't make them anymore, I was worried about the price of these, I believe you get what you pay for. I am BEYOND AMAZED by these and I will buy these again!!! I play to a click track live and wanted something THAT BLOCKED OUT NOISE AROUND ME AND THATS WHAT THESE ARE FOR. To you people who jog,walk,bike or whatever with any kind of earbuds or headphones you're a moron and deserve to get ran over by a bus. Use common sense!!! I HIGHLY recommend these AS A MUSICIAN AND PERFORMER ...after all thats what they are made for!!!
I just want to start with saying that while these In-ear-monitors (IEM) will function as regular headphones with phenomenal sound, be aware of what you are buying...these are not IEMs designed for runners, bikers, or for anyone really where noise cancellation is dangerous, they are designed to be used as IEMs for performers where external noise can be distracting or cause you to lose important information that you need to be hearing...I myself am a bass player and I need IEMs that will stay in my ear, provide great low-end, and have extreme clarity, and these are absolutely perfect for me. These things sound phenomenal, are rugged enough to withstand a fair bit of abuse that comes with playing live music (I myself am a fairly animated musician), and they stay in your ear. The sound isolating is fantastic...the mix stays in my ears without all of the distraction and muddiness of the live audio blasting and reverberating throughout the room dirtying up the sound.For any musician who is running IEMs and doesn't want to spend a fortune of higher end IEMs from companies like Alien Ears, Westone, etc., the Shure SE215 does a stellar job for a great price. I would never recommend trying to get by with standard headphones, while they get the job done they don't do the job near as well as these IEMs. Again, just be aware that these are not designed to function like your standard earbuds and may not the best option for runners, bikers etc.
The sound is great for what you're paying, actually these should cost more with the audio quality they deliver. Unfortunately I had to return these for two reasons:1) I could not get over how uncomfortable these were. I have pretty sensitive ears and the wrap around cord was a constant nusance and just felt uncomfortable.2) this next reason is my fault, but I wasn't looking for earphones which block out all noise, which is something these earphones do well. I couldn't hear any outside noise, this making me feel uncomfortable when walking in public.
Very Good!!!
They're amazing, They do there job
I was going to give 5 stars, but after riding for awhile with these, I noticed that my ears were getting more and more sore.  The fitting molds are great, and they do fit relatively well (not like customs, but hey, these aren't custom), but because they are hard plastic, they wear on my cartilage in my ears.  If you have pimple in your ear (gasp!), they are unwearable.I do love the sound and the loudness, and the cable length is good, too.
The perfect IEM for the novice.
very sturdy construction and flex ear buds are best I've used. Design of the ear piece takes a bit getting used to, but snug once adjusted
As a drummer, I was looking for an affordable quality transition from over ears to in ears for work in the studio and live. I would highly recommend this to any drummer on a budget looking to make the switch.
awesome deal
If you like clarity or depth to your music. Dont get these. Great bass though
after using it for over a month i have 1 huge issue with my earphonemy left earpiece makes annoying metal.clicking sound whenever i move the wire.. i am going to contact shure to see if i can have it fixed or replaced-editi figured out the issue, the left earpiece's socket is loose, so it vibrates whenever i move or tap it (causing the metal clicking and *ting ting* sound i am very disappointed, i am still waiting for customer support to answer me back
Pros: These make the world around you silent. I went from Beats Studio's with active noise cancellation to these and the difference is dramatic. Sound quality is great.Cons: They hurt my ears when I first put them in, but I got used to putting them in and taking them out.
Great product!!
these are great. if you get sweat into them, the contacts tarnish. take them apart and spritz a little contact cleaner into them and they're good as new. i use them on stage all the time and they work flawlessly. sure beats spending $500 on custom molded!
Summary: Fantastic, balanced and clear sound. Tight, comfortable fit. Breakaway cord means you can replace the wire without replacing the whole thing.Sound: In a nutshell, this are very clear, accurate earbuds that let you hear every detail of your music. They are so clear, you may find yourself upping the bitrate on your music to hear every last detail.Bass: Clean, natural, accurate reproduction. Not a bass-heavy version, so if you like bumping bass for your hip hop, could be the wrong thing. Still has present bass, just not artificially boosted.Mids: Very clear and accurate sounding.Highs: The highs are a little more pronounced on these than some others, giving nice hi hats and upper vocal definition.To call these perfectly in balance, I would probably turn down the treble by 5% and give it to the 3% to the mids and 2% to the bass, and that's probably what you get when you upgrade to the next level. But overall very very solid.Fit is tight without hurting your ears. The Shure wraparound design means the cord isn't always trying to pull the earbuds out of your ears, so you can have a tighter fit without being so tight your ears start to hurt after a while.In past models, this meant that if you jerked on your cord or dropped your phone the wire might get stretched or even break, because they don't come out of the ear easily. I had to replace them twice, and finally gave up and went to something else. I'm pleased to see they addressed that problem with a breakaway cord that disconnects from the more expensive hardware. I assume this means cheap and easy replacement of only the wire.To Shure's credit, in the last model before they added the breakaway, they shipped me new ones completely free of charge twice! So I trust this company. Plus, I've listened to lots of $100 headphones and these are by far my favorite. Most headphones jack the bass or lack that sonic sound even if they're clear. These are genuine hifi earbuds.
Sound is defintiely good, no complaints in that department. However, these are probably the most uncomfortable feeling headphones i have ever used. I have tried using all different sizes of the foam and rubber earbuds that are provided, and none stay in the ear and just feel very intrusive.
Very nice product, happy with the purchase. The sound quality is very good, much better than the previous earphones I had.  The earbuds fit very well and the foam fit does a quality job of outside noise cancellation (I can hardly hear anything over the music at very low levels). Wrapping the cord over and behind the ear was a new concept for me and a little strange to put in at first, but feel much more securely set. Note, longer hair hanging over your ears can be a frustrating to put in if you are not used to this style.
They're great and fit very well. The cable is extremely long and it doesn't come with some sort of cable management. Sony ships theirs with a little wraparound thing and MeElectronics ships theirs with an actual clip. Considering how long the cable is, it would be nice if it came with something to handle it (Seriously, I'm 5'8" and the cable is almost as long as I am tall).
These are fantastic. I use them when riding my motorcycle and the sound is great and the fit is great, considering my full-face helmet slips on over them in my ears. They stay in place and they don't hurt even after hundreds of miles of riding.
Clear sound; replaceable wires.  I use 'em at the gym, where the abuse is hard on the wires; the wires aren't all that cheap, but cheaper than buying a new set of not-so-good in-ear monitors.
What can I say?  It's my second pair of mid fi products and I love it.  These IEMs are a solid choice for somebody getting into higher audio.  If you want something that is more "fun", this is for you.  It has a really strong impacting bass that is accurate as well.  The mids are fine, nothing special but there isn't much range on the treble and isn't as great there.  Its a comfortable pair of IEM's to me, however some people may not enjoy the over design of the earbuds.  For anybody wondering, they work fine with glasses as well.  I would highly recommend these for anybody looking at a $100 purchase.
I love this earphone. Isolation is very good and the sound is great. A good bonus is that the cable is quite sturdy compared to other in-ear headphones. I've been using it for over a years and the cable has no signs of tears.
These are a stellar set of headphones. I use these as monitors when I play drums for my church and in my band. They can get LOUD with no loss of sound quality at all. The sound isolation is great thanks to the foam tips and the quality and clarity from the drivers is phenomenal. Please note that if you are into the bigg booming bass and "loudness" feel to your music, these are not the headphones for you. These are for accurately portraying the sound that an artist is meaning to show you. Every high and low is there but not overpowering like what you get from the BEATS by Dre headphones (which are total garbage). If you do want to have a heavier bass response then I would suggest a set of SOL headphones. They are excellent quality and relatively inexpensive as far as higher-end headphones go.
Picked up the SE215s to replace Bose Noise Canceling over ear headphones. I was tired of the Noise Canceling hiss and was tough to sleep on a plane with huge headphones. These have proven to be a great alternative and couldn't be happier.Some people complain in-ear headphones can hurt after a while, but honestly, I have no issues. From rock to hip-hop, to classical to the Grateful Dead these are far and away my favorite purchase in a long time. They're small, pack in a nice little case and take up a 1/10th of the room in my carry-on as the Bose. Took a little time to get used to putting them on, but the noise isolating is awesome and the hiss is gone -I'm sure there are a lot of audiophiles out there that will find something wrong with anything, but I can say they are a great sounding set of monitors and am really happy with the purchase. Great build quality, strong cable and nice sound. For $100 they're a great option. And if I accidentally leave them on the plane I can buy 2 more pair before I get to the price of the Bose.
way too complicated to put on..wire and ear piece a nuisance
This is my second pair of Shure earphones of this stile. My first pair was the older design where the cable was not replaceable, which I tore when I snagged them while doing yard work. These headphones are great for tuning out the world without ruining your hearing. Since they work much like shooting year plugs you do not have to turn the volume up louder than your surrounding noise in order to hear your music, which in the long run will prevent you from doing damage to your hearing. I wear them while mowing or while traveling on trains or subways and it is like creating a privacy bubble around myself so I can tune out the noisy passengers without being a nuisance since no one can hear my earphones. The sound quality is great  as well and they sit well with the wire around my ears. The chord is long enough that I can put my iPhone in my back pocket while wearing the headphones. I would definitely recommend these headphones!
Im not a audiophile, so I wont say much about the sound quality. The vocal is pretty clean. The build quality is really excellent. Its comfortable, but the stock ear tips are not really good for long hour use. (I'd suggest getting the comply foam tips)
they sound great and block out the noise.
I purchased these for use as backup in-ear monitors for live stage performance, and for the price on Amazon, they were a bargain compared to other pro monitors (like my Westone Elites).  I play a variety of instruments, some of which require precise sound reproduction as well as isolating the rather loud on-stage wedges.  Hearing a clear mix is critical, and I just needed inexpensive backups, so I wasn't counting on these meeting these lofty requirements.These are nice earphones, and I now use them as my go-to in-ears.  I even bought another pair for yard work and other activities where sound protection is needed.I've had no quality problems after a few months of heavy use.  These are well-made earphones using durable materials.  The soft, moldable cable sleeves are designed to wrap around your ears, providing a comfortable, secure fit.  These also have a cable "cinch" that can make the cables cling to the back of your head which helps prevent snagging.  Unfortunately, I have to re-tighten it after an hour or so of playing.  The driver housing's swivel design helps fit your outer ear better.  Choose the size of the squishy ear buds correctly (included) and you won't know they're there after a while.They do have a slight low-end punch that tends to emphasize sounds around 100 Hz (like kick drums), but it is not annoying.  (Sometimes you can play with positioning in the ear canal to adjust bass punch.)Over the years, I have collected a handful of favorite headphones (SONY MDRV55s, Sennheiser HDs, Bose Quiet Comfort for noise-cancelling), and while the Sure SE215s do not match the stratospheric audiophile quality of my favorites, they perform exceptionally well on-stage or when active and needing noise isolation.
The SE215s were apparently just the ticket for her!She mostly listens to dubstep and other bass-heavy music. The Se215s are often mentioned as particularly good for dubstep and electronica, and se seems extremely happy with them. Another thing she appreciates is the good selection of extras they come with.Excellent for the price, would buy again. In fact I did, as my daughter lost the first set through a freak accident :(
I truly love these earphones! Sound quality is great. I previously owned some Nergy earphones and no comparison. However, the over-the-ear thing does take some time to get used to, but not a huge problem
Wow... it is a excellent in-ear earphone with respect to the price. Sound quality is very high. Specially BASS and TREBLES are great!Another thing, the background noise sounds are almost blocked by the earphone body! It is great look and the connection code is very long! The only problem is There is no Volume Control with this. It should be additionally purchase.I have already written a book  about the "Everything About Earphones" and I studied almost 100 earphones for that with various brands the cost below US $ 300 earphones. This is one of the best earphone that I studied so far, others are BOSE QC 20i, Yamaha EPH100, ... .Anyway I strongly recommended this to others!I am planning to buy a High End Shure Earphone (That is Either Shure SE - 535 or Shure SE - 846), because It has a 3 or 4 drivers with balanced armature technique! The price of Shure SE - 535 is not so bad, but Shure SE - 846 is very very expensive than 3 drivers one!
Great beginning in-ears. Good sound quality. Only reason its not a five star rating is that they will occasionally slip out of your ear when performing. If you're looking for elite sound quality, dish out more money, these are not for you
Great sound, perfect fit and fits flat against my ear.  I have used them for 100's or hours biking as they cut wind noise and replace it with tunes.  Would buy again if I lost them.
I spent a few days researching what earbuds to get and eventually decided on the Shure SE215. After receiving them and using them for a day I'm returning them the next.I would only recommend these headphones if you're a single use person. If you're plugging them into one device and one device only and not transporting them around. The sound quality is quite good but other than that everything else about these are very poor. They do have a lot more bass however than the comparable BOSE earbuds.The style of these are extremely outdated. You can feel it from the cord, see it by the length and the plug is designed to go right into the input. If you have a case on your iPhone or other unit, you won't be able to use the SHURE headphones with it. So again if you're single use like the laptop, then it's probably okay. The earbuds are extremely difficult to take off and change out, while also being awkward to put on.I had to give these a one-star because after I took my case off of my phone to use them at the gym, sound wouldn't come out of both earbuds only one. If the plug was turned just the right direction it would come out of both, but this is difficult to do. Returning them after one day of use.
For it's price, the bass is powerful and tight but not overwhelming. The Mids are decent although not as warm as I would like. The lows are decent and the highs are very clear. Overall, the best $120 I spent on earphones. It competes well with earphones twice the price but wearing them takes some getting used to.
I bought these looking for a new pair of IEM's (in-ear monitor) and I found the perfect ones. I can't quite afford brand such as Ultimate Ears (starting at $300 for a decent pair) or JH Audio (starting at $400) but these are on par. The sound quality is better than my Bose earphones and they fit better too. They have no business sounding this good for the price. I wanted something that fit perfectly and were hard to see on stage. I bought the I-MEGO Ztone at the same time because I liked the design, but the sound wasn't even close to comparable. These should cost $250-$300 but for only $97 they are fantastic.Pros: Crystal clear perfect sound, fit is great, moldable ear hooks, interchangeable ear insert, removable cable (allowing for longer life), compares to IEM's costing hundreds more, perfect mix of bass mid and high.Cons: Only two choice's of colors (I would've loved gold) ear pieces are tough to get off.UPDATE: After I bought the IEM's, I found out my entire band for church uses these earphones. No one had complaints. Everyone loved the sound, feel, and especially the quality for the money.
I bought these looking for a new pair of IEM's (in-ear monitor) and I found the perfect ones. I can't quite afford brand such as Ultimate Ears (starting at $300 for a decent pair) or JH Audio (starting at $400) but these are on par. The sound quality is better than my Bose earphones and they fit better too. They have no business sounding this good for the price. I wanted something that fit perfectly and were hard to see on stage. I bought the I-MEGO Ztone at the same time because I liked the design, but the sound wasn't even close to comparable. These should cost $250-$300 but for only $97 they are fantastic.Pros: Crystal clear perfect sound, fit is great, moldable ear hooks, interchangeable ear insert, removable cable (allowing for longer life), compares to IEM's costing hundreds more, perfect mix of bass mid and high.Cons: Only two choice's of colors (I would've loved gold) ear pieces are tough to get off.UPDATE: After I bought the IEM's, I found out my entire band for church uses these earphones. No one had complaints. Everyone loved the sound, feel, and especially the quality for the money.
Have owned 2 pairs of ec3's in the past and they were phenomenal. First day of use with these 215's and when you twist the headphone jack or move the cord in anyway sound cuts out of left ear. Apparently it's a common problem, so I will return and go with a brand that has better quality control.
I was hoping to score big with this birthday present for my husband. Unfortunately that did not happen. He really tried to act excited and grateful but they were uncomfortable in his ears. I did return them and had no problem with the return of refund. So there was a positive to the experience. May work well for others but not for my hubby
Received these Sure SE215-K headphones on May 20th. Precisely 7 days after the `return window' expired (30 days) these $100 headphones crapped out on me. I was so pleased to finally find a pair of headphones that sounded great and fit snugly. Then, the first time I put them in after returning from a trip abroad, the sound is horrible. The bass has completely dropped out and everything sounds muddy. What a waste. Totally disappointed. I'll be contacting both the seller Rock-Rock and Amazon and Shure if need be to see if they can find it in their hearts to offer a refund for these faulty headphones. I shall return with an update. UPDATE - Amazon customer service did the right thing and sent along a return label.
I bought what I thought to be a nice set of EIM for a 2 month trip through Asia as I wanted something more compact than my over ear noise cancelling headphones. These headphones had problems almost immediately. They are quite comfortable and do a good job blocking out sound but they hardly ever work. Sound only comes from 1 ear the majority of the time and I have to fiddle with the cords to try to make the other ear work. Hoping this is an isolated issue and Shure will be willing to replace them once I return from my trip. For now I am stuck with some crappy headphones for a rather hefty price though.
Sounds great for a very basic pair, ver much value for money.
After one month of heavy use I dont regret getting this headphones. I use them to run and they can stand sweat.
The sound isolating qualities are exactly what is advertised. DO NOT DRIVE WITH THESE IN!!!! You wont hear anything.Base response is warm and natural sounding but not strong enough to wash out low mids.Mids are a little muddy in my opinion but i think it is because the treble response is soft.Overall I use these for IEM's and they are a great tool to keep track of what I'm doing on stage.And they dont stick out like ultimate ears. They sit in your ear canal and partially fill the cavity that surround the opening to your ear canal before looping over and behind your earlobe.
I bought these headphones for the purported sound quality, which is fantastic, but what really gives it that fifth star is the noise-cancelling capacity. I've used Bose QC15's and noise-cancelling earphones before but this really comes close to the same level as IEM's with regard to blocking out external sound. The seemingly foam earpieces fill every crevice in your ear so that I can't hear myself clap right next to myself. Quite impressive.
For an inexpensive noise isolating in ear monitor these things rock!!!The noise isolation works so good Ive caught myself yelling while talking to others when no music is being played.
When I was looking at these headphones, I was hoping that they would block enough noise to allow me to use them while drumming. I could not find that information in any review on the internet. To any drummers looking at these, they do cut the drum noise down to a level where you will not injure your ears or drown out the music you are listening to. On top of that you don't have to blast your music to get this. When I am listening to something while playing, I still only have to put the music at a very low volume. Also, I play with these in even if I am not listening to anything, using them simply to cut the drum noise.  Basically, they work great for me as a drummer. The end.
I unboxed these earphones not twenty minutes ago and was greeted by sound dropouts from broken connections in the cable, which is super frustrating because when they work properly with some persuasion they sound great for $99. So excellent earbuds, but even though cables are a problem for all headsets it's a real pain to have to ship back the whole kit straight out of the box, especially as it's a detachable cable.
These are extremely well designed IEMs with an excellent design with the exception of one design flaw.I'm very hard and headphones and though I liked the Klipsch S4s, I was going through a new pair every 3 months.The cable connection to the earpieces kept going bad. So the detachable cables on these IEMs sold me.The cables are extremely durable and thick, and detach through a unique swiveling connection to the earpieces. I got quickly used to over-the-ear style which also takes some the strain off of the cable.Sound quality: Very very good for $100. These take ~50 hours of breaking in, but after that providevery solid bass and clear albeit slightly rolled-off highs. Compared to the Klipsch S4s, they are more balanced across the entire range. Overall, not quite as much bass punch as the S4s but more neutral mids and highs.The one design flaw: The plastic posts that hold the earbuds on are longer than average, which helps hold the inserts on with more force. Unfortunately, the plastic posts will also easily break if you happen to step on the earpieces. After 3 months, both are broken and the IEMs are unusable.
The wires on these are tarrible they started shorting out after two months. Sound quality is great but they need better wires!
These sounded great during the first use. But when I tried to change the earphone tip, the plastic post snapped. This was on the first night of ownership.I ended up returning them and going with a different brand that uses a metal post.
If you're going for noise isolation, these are by far the best headphones in the $100 range. After going through a pair of Beats Solo, Bose MEI2I - or close to that model, and another pair of Klipschs I found the Shures to be outstanding in the sound quality and isolation traits. A few notes below.PROS• Complete noise isolation. Really, you can't hear anything if you have them in and 25% volume on your phone or computer• Cable is long and can easily reach wherever you have your computer/laptop/phone/etc• Cable can be routed behind head and there is a slider that will hold the headphones tight to your ears• 3 different tips shipped with headphones for personal fit• Extremely durable cord that can be replaced, swapped for different color separate from the ear pieceCONS• After wearing them for 6-8 hours, your ears will get tired. I've never encountered a pair of in ear headphones where this wasn't the case
I have read about these being poor fitting but never imagined it could be this bad.Acoustically excellent but frustrating in keeping them on
Yes, they're big in the ear.  You can't lie down on a pillow with them, they're just to painful.Sound quality would be that of a $30 pair of earbuds.  Not worth the price at all.  No need to elaborate, if you're looking for an upgrade to high quality earphones, these would be ones to avoid.
I made a decision to purchase these Shure SE215 headphones based on all the positive reviews here.The issues I have experienced are:I can't get a proper fit with the foam buds - I can get them on in such a manner that the sound is good, but if I turn my head one, or both may fall out.Sound quality, especially bass,is very diminished if not worn perfectly.Sound quality - These are definitely studio monitor headphones. Different audio sources and recordings sound as perfect or imperfect as they were engineered. Not a bad thing, but I'd rather just enjoy the music and not think, wow that sound guy must have been half deaf when he mixed that.Bass - I found the opposite of some reviewers. I thought bass was a little light, even slightly de-emphasized.I spent half my flight the other day fiddling around with these buds. People behind me probably thought I had lice or something.I much prefer the overall sound and ease of use of my $8 Sony EX10 buds than these. Just ordered another pair.
Used them for recording and they work great for a nice balance of your drums and the click track.  Used them with rehearsing live and was getting too much noise from the guitars and bass so I couldn't hear the click track very well.  Again these are perfect for recording drums but not good for all the extra noise that comes from the guitars and bass in rehearsing situations.
Clear highs, steady mids, deep lows.  Wearing them was the biggest issue I had initially however once you get the idea of how they are supposed to go in your ear it is cake.  Just look at a picture online if you're having issues.  I also go by the logo on the side of the monitor it should always be readable to someone looking at it.  Comes with a wide variety of tips however the memory foam ones that are preinstalled are far superior to the others so I put them back on.  5 stars will buy again if i happen to smash these in my day to day.  Only reason I wouldn't get these is if I had some extra cash and decided get an upgrade to something custom molded to my ear canal.
I've had 500's but destroyed them on a bike ride, cord got tangled in my wheel & ripped the cord. Well that shouldn't happen with these.... sound's not bad, fit is solid Shure. Best isolation there is, decent bass, clear mids.... I tired the cable with the mic, but didn't see the advantage of $50 just to have a mic. I just speak into the phone.... the only thing is they are expensive for what they are.... headphones.....
He likes the dynamic range of the ear buds and the way they have some noise canceling abilities. The ear buds work with his ear good too. For the money you would be hard pressed to get a better sound.
I love these phones. On a bus or plane all you hear is what is on your player. The bad point is walking the street an not hearing warning sounds around you
Items just as described, shipping was nice and fast as well!! They can get some getting use to, but once you find the best fit they are worlds ahead of the competition out there.
I'm a drummer and I bought these to replace my E2Cs, which lasted a LOT longer.  I play with an Aviom personal monitor system and play to backing tracks (accompanying keys, extra guitars, etc.) with a click track and guide voice (to que chorus, verse, etc).  One day, the person programming the guide wave made it a little too loud and blew my left ear bud.  The right still works fine, so I can't say that it was THAT loud, but since that day, the left side no longer works.  I know this because I switched the left and right buds, and the right works on either side, the left bud does not.  It started with just static in my left ear and now it's completely silent. This is after 4-5 months of use, much heavier use in the latter 2-3 months.I went on line to see if I can get a replacement ear bud, and while there's PLENTY of ear tips to go around, there's no replacement buds!  So don't be fooled by reviews that state "easy replacement" with detachable buds....they're not exactly that easy to find.  Shure's website doesn't even have them.  Searching "SE 215 replacement parts" turns up nothing as well.  It's the weekend now and I have to wait until Monday to call Shure b/c their tech support is only open M-F.*** UPDATE 6/24/2014 ***I had called Shure 3 days after my last review, and they said to ship the bad ear bud back to them for repair and pointed me to their website where I could get instructions and the form to fill out.  It was well under a 2-year warranty, so all I had to pay for was the shipping cost to send it to Shure.  They state NOT to send it in a paper envelope, and that they are not responsible for the product until it reaches their facility (understandably). So that meant I had to go to the post office and send it in a padded mailer with tracking, which cost me around $8 US.  Shure didn't TELL me to send it with tracking, but the impression I got based on their instructions led me to be safer than sorry.  I just received a replacement via UPS this morning.  So I've raised my rating one star based on the fast turnaround; while not convenient, it was certainly better than having to purchase a new pair.  I would have liked to have been given a shipping label via email or some form of shipping where I didn't have to pay for it.  True, $8 is better than $70, but still.I also raised my rating another star to 4 stars because I realized I didn't rate this product on sound quality and overall use, which are both rather good.  During the week I had to use alternative ear buds (a $30 brand bought at an airport kiosk), I realize now how far superior these Shure buds are.  The molding sleeve (can't think of any other way to describe it) that rests over the ear is a very nice thing to have along with the slider that allows you to sinch-up the cord to the back of your head and allows for a tight and secure fit.
I can ditto the responses here. I play bass full time and these things sound great. If you are looking for a way to not go into the red buying gear for your gigs, I would look at these. They sound fantastic. You can certainly spend a lot of money on ears, but for the price these are more than usable.
This pair of headsets are quite good. great sound, good cord and nice size. The issue I have is with me. My right ear canal does not go in at the correct angle so my right ear doesn't get sealed like my left. This causes the sound to not be as good as it can be. The soft buds completely seal the ear which is nice but when you are eating you notice pressure build up in the ears and I find myself touching the ear-buds a lot when that happens.Overall, great sound size and customization possibilities with the provided buds.
These are some great earbud headphones better then the last pair I had that gave out in two months (denon Ah-250). Sometime it's hard to get in but once their in they don't come out and the sound is awesome the bass and mids sound great. I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for something different.
Love them.  Snug fit ensures clear, rich, and uninterrupted sound from external noise (great for music and even the Indy 500).  Sound is detailed, plenty of low rich bass, and terrific for Classical as well as pop/rock. Took a while to figure out how they fit into the ear, but now they're easy.
You cant expect more for this amount of money ,is good , kind of solid and they work if You are using IEMs
I've owned two previous models of Shure earphones, all of which were similar in desigh to these.  However, I always manage to leave them on a plane or at a hotel thanks to heavy busines travel and my general forgetfullness.  The sound is always excellent and I prefer this type to other (electronically) noise cancelling designs.  After a year of use, these are my least favorite.  No real complaints on the sound (and after all that's what's most important) but I found the wire used on the SE215s too inflexible.  Despite the articulating design, it is difficult to determine which is the left or right and the cable is not flexible enough to comforatably wear with wire-behind-the-ear which is my preference.  The plastic around the connector is too large for most iPhones if you are using a protective phone case. Shure no longer includes ear buds made with the foam material I liked (though it may be available for order).  As with all of the Shure earbuds I've owned, correct positioning in the ear is critical so I would have liked more choices included. However, these picky complaints aside, I still think these guys make the best sounding earbuds out there - well worth the additional cost (if you can avoid losing them).
You really can't hear anyone when you have these on, which is pretty amazing, because I never really want to hear anyone.removing the foam attachments is difficult. Once you get the technique down, it becomes easier. Best way to do it is to take something non-metalic (end of credit card, etc) and push from the bottom up on the center rubber body of the foam attachment.Anyway, sound on these is amazing. I can't say I've tried earbuds that sound better than these. For $100, they blow away just about everything
I find these to sound extremely neutral and a little boring to listen to without an EQ and headphone amp.  They have a true monitor sound.  I prefer to listen to them with my headphone amp - this is where they really shine.  When amplified these little guys can put out some impactful sub-bass down to 35htz while keeping the balance of your music in check.  Meaning, the mids and high's are not distorted.  I will say the 4k area of these IEM's can be a bit harsh sounding, but a simple adjustment to the EQ can correct that.I have around 80 hours on them currently.  I do not know if they need a burn in, but I did the usual day of alternating pink-white sound, then the rest of the time with a variety a music ranging from rock, metal, electronic and dub.  I wish i could say the sound changed, but I don't think it did.  Unlike some headphones that really re-shape themselves after a burn in, these just seem to remain consistent, clear and fun to listen to.If you are going to listen to them on your phone or tablet, you might not be too excited about them, but with a good amp and equalizer, i find these to be a very warm, full sounded IEM, and would purchase them again should I lose or break mine.
There were in deed, sound isolating. Would be ideal in long-use term setting such as on a long flight. However, due to the stiffness of the cable, they are a dickens to put on. Would or could not use these on a daily basis. The sound is quite good once you get them on properly.
Connector too short for iPad Air with cover on.  Over ear design difficult to wear.  Ear pieces just OK., none stay put in my ears therefore sound isolation is not as expected.
I use this on stage as an in ear monitor and it worked great.  Going to buy another one for another musician.
I had an earlier model of the same earphones and loved the sound and fit. through extensive use and years of wear they eventually lost some functionality.  I have since tries Beats, Denon, Sony, Marley, and have QC Bose over the ear. I my opinion Shure has the best sound quality and construction. I am not has hyped up has most people are with Bose and thought in ear/active noise cancellation and sound from the Denon set was better but Shure is my favorite by far
I bought these to be my knock-around IEMs (workouts and so on) and was pleasantly surprised at the sound quality. Very nice bass and overall presence alongside good sound isolation makes them ideal for busy environments. But what I can't get past is just how badly they fit... Everyone's ears are different but I've had many different IEMs over the years and these are the first that ever actually hurt. I can't wear them for more than maybe 30-45 minutes without having to take a break since they've rubbed my outer ear raw, the driver is just too long. The overly long and badly positioned memory-wire doesn't help since to get it into a useful position it will then force the back of the IEMs harder into your skin.Bottom line: very good sound quality for the money, but depending on your ear size/shape you might be in for a painful experience.
These do what they are advertised to do.  I gave them 3 stars because I have a very difficult time inserting them in my ears.  Once in, they're fine.  Also, the cord should be longer.
I have had these for just under a week and have to say that these are absolutely amazing.  I was travelling and forgot to pack my Bose noise cancelling headphones for the flight - which truthfully are way too bulky anyway.  I came across these at the airport of all places and am so glad that the sales rep recommended these above all others (value for price - I didn't want to spend too much considering I already had pricey ones at home). It was actually the fit that sold me on these (I was given a disposable sample to try out first).  You would think these are not comfortable but they are, there is a bit of wearing in period (for me my right ear canal only) but after a couple days I was used to them or they had adapted - in fact I fell asleep with them on for an entire night and didn't wake up with any issues.  There is a process to wearing them but after figuring it out, it gets incredibly easy and the over the ear wire eventually molds to the shape of your ear (this was something the rep had told me about and I have found this to be the case).  I've worn these to work out and they never moved at all unlike every other in ear model I have used in the past (I normally use Beats Tours for workouts).  Bottom line, I did not hear a single thing other than my music while flying, so objective accomplished.  Says something that I've been using these over my other (much more expensive in the case of the Bose) headphones.
If you love in-ear headphone with excellent audio quality, plus a noise cancelling feature, your search is over. The price is high but the experience is worth every single penny. I'm currently using it at work and is so light to wear, and more than that external noise doesn't bother me anymore. I don't recommend using it outdoor, might be dangerous to not listen sirens, honks etc.
Very nice Bass heavy signature. Really good indeed. It's not by any means a balanced iems, it is bass heavy and the highs are a bit lacking. I like that! Flat signatures are boring in my honest opinion.It's also very isolating, something some people don't like but I love.Overall it is a fantastic I'm, I struggle to find any big con's.
I've had Westone W20's (three sets).  All purchased directly from Westone (trying to avoid Amazon's CA sales tax). All failed within the warrantee period.  On the last set one of ear piece cases simply fell apart - lost the other case half so couldn't glue it back together! The other two had cable and electronic issues.  Fidelity was okay with the Westone's but they kept falling apart.  Frustrating!  AMERICAN made?  Hardly!I now have a set of Shure SE215-K's and they are GREAT!  Much better cables!  Better construction!  Very comfortable! The fidelity is as good as Westone, IMO!  My music voice is classical guitar, Celtic instrumental and some "new age".  They all sound wonderful!  Not too much bass and not too much treble.  Well balanced for my music choices!  I don't use the foam sleeves preferring the Soft Flex silicone sleeves - they work great!  To each their own....I wonder what took me so long to wake up!  Guess it's my devotion to the idea of "American Made".
Had these for 3 years. Left ear just stopped working. Not clogged. I check the right ear on the left side and it works, so i know its not the wire. I checked the resistance of the speaker coils, left and right chanel....left speaker completly open. It just failed. One minute they were working, the next silence....always listen at a casual volume.  3 years it not to bad I guess, thats why i gace it 4 stars, and they do sound very nice.Same time the left speaker died, the right speaker wire ( metal wire to allow to stay bent around the ear) broke, poked through the casing and stabbed my ear, lol.So it seems they have a 3 year life give or take before it starts t break down.100 bucks seems high to me for these, but after 3 years of constant use, its nnot such a bad price tag.
I bought these for my birthday and I fell in love with them, I attached the white 3 triple sleeves that I bought on a separate order and they worked great. For a drummer there is literally no other earbud for the price thats better. The quality of the sound is great, The noise cancelling is PERFECT. Unfortunately with my stupid actions of carelessness I stepped on one of my nozzles and the tip broke off so I couldn't use one of the  earbuds, I thought that was it, a waste of $100. But thanks to Shures AWESOME protective guarantee, Amazon is one of their distributors so I had a 2 year warranty on it! For free! I shipped them out on wednesday and they are coming today on monday!
I bought 11 pair and 4 didn't work right and 1 has since quit working. This is a lot of money for earbuds that are not going to last.
Our family has always bought Beats.  I wanted to try these to see if they would fit my ears better.  I love these headphones!  They fit great, sound amazing and are very durable.  I would highly recommend these to anyone.  Plus, they are a great value.  I would by this brand again!
The 3 stars I gave has nothing to do with sound quality.  I love the balance, clarity, and sound isolation that these headphones provide...when they work.I gave 3 stars because quite often the connection between the left ear driver connection and the cable connection seem to lose contact and sound will cut in and out depending on how the cord moves.  I searched around and noticed several people who have had the exact same issue on forums.I would recommend doing a bit of research before you commit to buying these headphones.Bottom line though is that sound quality is absolutely amazing...again when it's working properly.
These headphones are worth every penny. i have no idea how they don't come up as being one of, if not the best for around $100. They block almost all of the noise out due to the foam ear buds and the sound quality is fantastic. They are small and compact and I know what ear buds i will be buying the next time.
Looking for high quality sound isolating earphones? Want to save some cash? This is the route to go. Top quality from shure and you save some cash with amazon.
Great sound, but too difficult to place in the ear, which is critical to the sound quality, especially the low end. I found myself havingto use a mirror just to see how to insert the buds properly, and the cable is a bit too cumbersome around the ears.
These are fantastic. I listened to an album that I'm very familiar with, and was amazed at how much detail it brought out. The sound isolation is fantastic, although at times I wish I could hear more of the world around me when walking.
I love these earbuds.  They do an amazing job of isolating and cutting out the background noise.  I also like that they fit comfortably and stay put when I run.
It served me well as it is advertised. It really isolated external sounds and presented a well balanced sounds to my ear.
I should start off by saying that I am not an expert on headphones, and don't have any data to back up my opinions, but I have owned quite a few pairs of headphones/IEM's over time (enough for my family to make fun of me.) The other headphones most recently in my rotation are Bose Sie2 for working out, Bose AE2, and Audio Technica ATH-M50. The Bose AE2 are supremely comfortable, but just don't sound that great. The Bose Sie2 are great for working out in that the cord is so conveniently short, and they stay in regardless of the rigor of your activity. And the M50's sound better than any other headphones I've ever owned, with their highly accurate sound that lets you hear everything in the recording. So where do the SE215 fit in?In my use the answer is every time except when I'm working out or sitting at my home desk and in the mood for high accuracy. I find myself reaching for these IEM's constantly. They are comfortable and easy to put in your ears, and they sound great. And I'm saying that as someone who appreciates M50s for their accuracy. These IEMs are certainly more exaggerated in the low end, but I find that to be necessary for IEMs considering the environments I use them in, plus it's just fun to listen to.They also block an incredible amount of sound, so that I feel that I have no need for big sound-cancelling headphones, and I can easily tune out or even not hear noisy environments around me. They come with a nice carrying case that is easy to get the IEM in and out of. This once again makes them great for carrying everywhere. And finally they are very discreet, especially in the clear color, which can sometimes be convenient.
I wish they would have fit and sound half way decent. They made my ears hurt when they stayed on and sounded like a empty beer can, no base at all. The Bose equivalent are just a little bit more expensive but magnitudes better sound and fit, and if you want the ultimate then get the Bose noise canceling. Either of the Bose are magnitudes better than these.
They sound fantastic and the music sounds true. They have proven to be durable so far. I also like that they are very inconspicuous.
These headphones are amazing. I will admit that it is difficult at first getting used to putting the buds in your ears.
Pro: I've owned variety of earphones from different brands over the years ranging from Sony, Skullcandy, to Bose. The shure by far has the best sound quality out of all the pairs I've owned. The bass is punchy but not overpowering and the highs are clear. The mids blends in well in between. The build quality of the earphones is good, very sturdy. It is very comfortable to wear and fits very snug and gives excellent isolation. I travel by subway everyday and these help create my own world amidst the hecticness of the loud background noises.Con: Now I will say something about the cables. I maybe be of good quality but it is way too long. Many like their cables long but these are unnecessarily long. The ipod and/or the phone sits insides the pant pocket that's less that 1 meter from the ears. It does not need to be so long that there are excess amount of wires hanging outside of the pocket. As mentioned above, I travel on the crowded subway everyday with lots of people and the extra hanging wires would be a hazard as it can get damaged when it gets caught on other people's cloths or bags. Other than that it's a great pair of earphones.
These are great sounding earbuds and when placed properly in the ear they eliminate a lot of noise. My only complaint is that I have trouble getting the wires to dress the way I would like them to go.
I have used these quite a bit, and the more I use them, the more I love these. For $100, the sound quality is out of this world. As a drummer, I have the volume cranked with all instruments mic'd up. The low end from the kick and bass guitar come through great with no clipping at all. Would highly recommend to anyone. The only drawback is that they take a little bit to break in the cable that wraps around your ears. But once they do break in, they stay in your ears perfectly. I have always had a hard time finding buds that will stay in my ears, but these work fantastic. Highly recommend.
These earphones have amazing sound.  Much better than the $300 Bose earphones.  The one design issue is that they have an abnormal design where the wire goes over your ear and around the back.  This is via a more rigid conforming wire and can be preferred by some and not by others.
Love em !!!! Amazing sound and clarity. Using these in my worship band at church, on stage. Cheaper than most, but couldn't ask for better sound.  I highly recommend these to anyone performing on stage or just lookin for an awesome earpiece for an ipod or mp3.
Cables were a little stiff out of the box and headphones do require a few hours of burn in time. But these are the best headphones in the $100 range that I've heard. These are my second pair.
Very good. Sound system on point. Very sharp and decent bass. Would recommend to a friend. Shure over did it
Right now I am doing a head to head ;) comparison with Etymotic Research (ER) HF5.  The Etymotic Research HF5 were way better than the Bose IE2 (they aren't even in the same class as either - despite the 1000's of over the moon reviews for the Bose) and they were better than Shure SE215-K.  The Bose were out of the running right away - flabby sound, "rounded" (lack of) detail.  Bad.  The Shure I liked, they were comfortable and sounded good, but the ER HF5 were definitely more detailed, although a bit less bass, the sound was more detailed and nuanced, by a significant amount.  After 20 or 30 minutes it was clear to me that the ER was the best of the three, nuanced, detailed, musical.  As many will say, they are not the most comfortable to wear, but I got the hang of wearing them and found that I enjoyed listening to them.  After a few hours (on an airplane) I found my ears were just a bit sore.  I just used the earpieces that they came fitted with - there are other choices, which might have been more comfortable, but, for the most part, I was OK with the ones that they came with.  I figured I would change them at another time.  And so, I thought I was set.  HOWEVER, I read about a product that I had not heard of - the RHA MA750i - a glowing review in an audiophile publication.  So I ordered a pair to compare.  Now, I am, more or less, an audiophile - yes, I have spent thousands of dollars on power cables, interconnects and speaker cables.  I do realize that listening from my smartphone isn't the same - the source isn't as clean - so I had reasonable expectations for what ear buds might do.  However, that being said, I do believe that I know how to judge sound - detail, timbre, tonality, sound staging and that most ephemeral - musicality.  Is it involving?  That being said, I put on the RHA using a CD source.  They immediately sounded great.  Very warm, melodic, beautiful tones, rounded, detailed.  I could hear the drum skin slap in a precise and defined way.  Compared to the EM (which were pretty well broken in at this point), they are more involving, more bass, warmer overall, and yet, as many "warm" sounding speakers can get muddy, I was careful to listen for detail and it certainly is there - harmonies, cymbal work, etc.  It was all there with a bigger "sound stage" than the EM have.  The RHA are a bit more sensitive, so I was careful to turn them down a bit after listening to the EM.The EM are very good, very "flat" sounding, with space around the instruments, but they lack warmth and they don't image as well as the RHA, they aren't as detailed, particularly in the treble (cymbals), they definitely have less bass.  Also, bottom line, the RHA are super comfortable, so no issue with that!  And they are made better, more solid, thicker wires - and they have a longer warranty.  Overall the RHA are warmer and more involving, with more bass and easy to wear.  The EM are fussy with placement.  They can easily get pushed or pulled out of the perfect alignment they require to sound good.  To me, there is no doubt that the RHA MA750i are the best of those I listened to.  I don't think you would absolutely regret buying the EM but I suspect the vast majority of people would prefer the RHA.  And, just to get ahead of this - I listened to pop, classical and jazz on all the ear buds.A few extra thoughts.  If you can't, or don't want, to spend this much money on ear buds, I have listened to a few pair in a lower price category.  Although I did not do an exhaustive listening, I can easily recommend the Beyerdynamic MMX 101 - you should listen to them before you settle on a purchase under ~$90 - they are ~ $63.The more I listen to the RHAMA750i the more I like them.  Once they are broken in, I can only expect them to sound better, but right out of the box, they are 5/5 sound wise, 5/5 build quality, 5/5 comfort, 5/5 warranty.  10/5 value.  Hope this review helps!
These are AWESOME!!! Only complaint I have is that the sleeves that actually go in the ear are a bit hard to get off, but since you shouldn't be changing them every hour anyways its not a problem.
Bought these on a whim for my commuting and running.  The noise isolation is impressive. I find they sound better and are more comfortable than my last Bose ie2 pair. Overall a good purchase if they are in your price range.
I just got these in today and tried them out in the gym while running.  I gave up on Etymotics because they are pricey to repair, and the wires on my numerous etys go bad yearly.  Rather than pay up to $80 for repairs on each set, I got these to try.  Since replacement cables are in the $20 range, I will get a cable as a backup and should be set.In the gym where my sweat gets all over these, they performed great.  After the workout, I took it all apart - eartips, cable, earphone pieces... all detatched, and laid out to dry for the next day.  I think this earphone will last well over a year.  Cable is thick and seems able to withstand daily winding/unwinding.  I keep this in a rigid camera case, rather than the included soft case.  I learned that from having delicate Etymotics :)I ordered the Shure flanged tips with these, and compared them to the Etymotics ones, which I've used for over a decade.  The Shure brand is a hair smaller than Etymotics, so I used the Etymotics tips.  I'll try the Shure ones later, but I'm happy to report that the Etymotic silicone tips work on this model. EDIT: Just a note, if you use etymotic silicone tips, don't push them all the way in.  There's a ridge on each earpiece, just push the etymotic tip a little bit over the ridge.  You can push it all the way on, but I couldn't get a proper seal.  A little over halfway on, and it works perfect for me.I use this paired with a Jabra Play bluetooth piece, which is the size of a AA battery.  Plug the earphones into that, clip it to the back of my shirt collar, and it works wirelessly with my Samsung Galaxy tablet.  Sound is great.Recommended.  I give this 4 stars instead of 5 because the way the Shure goes into your ear, and the way you curl the sturdy cable wire around the top of your ear, is a bit wierd.  It works, but it is odd to me.  Also, there's no option for a shorter cable at the time, like a 24 inch one.  so you can strap your music player to your arm and have the cable just long enough to reach it.  I workout with the wireless piece behind my neck, and the long cable is dangling behind me down to my waste.  As I run, it flops around like a tail.Small cons, though.  I can live with the cable length and the odd wire shaping around the ear.  For the $100 price and the thick, removable cable, this is THE workout earphones for an audiophile like me.Recommended for music lovers who sweat when they workout!
I upgraded from Apple ear buds. These blow them out of the water in terms of sound quality. Sound stage is amazing, highs, mids, and lows are all there. Once you fit them correctly (with the provided foamies), these are incredible noise isolating IEMs. I work downtown in a major city and I can hardly hear traffic between songs when walking about.Pros:- Sound quality is excellent; once fitted correctly, they produce an incredible sound stage, including bass.- Noise isolation is excellent; I can hardly hear traffic let alone colleagues in the cubes next door.- Nice length of cable; not too long but not too short. Travel case is handy when not in use. Monitors are detachable.Cons:- The stiff over-the-ear "memory line" that molds to the back of your ear takes getting used to. Putting these on and taking off takes a decent effort in comparison to non over-the-ear types of IEMs.
Maybe these are a good pair of headphones Amazon says the price list is $199.00False... if you go to the SHURE web page you'll see that the regular price for these are $99.00 which is the "special price in Amazon" where you save 52%Bad!
These are my first venture into high-end monitors and I couldn't be happier with my purchase. I bought these to use as earplugs and to play music while riding my motorcycle, but they're comfortable enough  for me to wear them all day at my desk. I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for a nicer set of IEMs.
These buds sound very good. Contrary to what some have said, they have good bass response once you get the right seal. They fit well and are easy to put on once you get used to doing it. As far as i can tell, they will never fall out during normal use.I use them for in-ear monitors for performing and recording. The only fault i can find, and this is likely true of all in ear monitors, is that they seem to amplify the sound of your voice "in your head". This is likely due to the sound isolation, as you get the same effect if you simply plug your ears with your fingers. So that takes some getting used to. If you don't think you can deal with it your other option would be headphones. I'd recommend the Sony MDR-V6. They are totally transparent with no bass boost built in.I would recommend these to musicians and audiophiles who want good sounding ear buds costing less than $100.Update 5/26/14;I found that selecting just the "right" tips can optimize these buds for different applications. For listening to music recordings, a tight fit maximizes bass response and isolation. For use as an in-ear monitor, it seems a slightly looser fit is desirable, allowing for somewhat less isolation and providing a more neutral sound with slightly less bass. It takes a bit of experimenting to find the right tips for each application..but the results are well worth the effort. For me, the best selection turned out to be the large rubber tips for listening to music and the medium rubber tips when i use them as monitors.Hope this helps.
These are awesome IEMs. I can't speak of them highly enough. Other reviewers have already written about its qualities, so I won't go over that. I'd just to add that I bought these and Shure's SE315 to decide which ones I'd like most. To my ears, there is no comparison. The SE315 has a much more flat, boring, cold, sound... So "analytical" that it makes the songs sound weird, really different from their original mix. The SE215 on the other hand have plenty of bass, slightly recessed mids (not to the point of shadowing vocals, actually rock vocals sound great on these), and present, perfect, controlled highs, not fatiguing at all. I have tried like 15 IMEs to date, some cheaper, some more expensive, but these are hands down my favorites (followed close by JVC’s HA-FX T90). Once you get used to the over-the-ear cable thing of these, I must say they are really comfortable. And be sure (pardon my quibble) to use Shure's olives ear tips, they are absolutely the best, better even than Comply's.
Interesting. Initial response: never had in ear monitors before, getting used to putting them in your ears is kind of tricky, only have done it 3 or 4 times so far, and I always end up getting them backwards or something. BUt they feel good and feel like they will stick in your ears and not pull out like some ear buds. i could see jogging in these. Little disappointed in the cord length..feels like 3'...i thought they were a little longer. but then I could see people complaining about long cords too. Its a decent size, i just like the length of recording headphones - so you can move around. i use them at work so would be nice to plug in the computer and be able to walk around a little. But nice length if have a device on your person. They sound great. been listening to daft punk - decent bass - wasn't looking for a super bass earbud, sounds kind of gimmicky (beatz!!!!) i like true sound - and monitors i suppose help achieve this? In ear monitors may be the ticket! my ears feel cool! not the case with my studio AKG's at home. They tend to get a litle warm. Got to get used to the style - over the ear thing and people might look at you weird, but they feel good, sound great. I like them. Wasn't sure what to buy and for the price, meh. Wanted the other cord with mic and volume control  for android, but saw poor reviews. and i don't know if i'd use the mic/volume as much as I think i would. but would be a nice option. I like these because the cord can disconnect from the phones. always a good feature if something happened to the cord or vice versa.Cons: connie (the name)
I am really struggling with these earbuds. Audio quality is great but, I cannot get them positioned so they will stay in my ears. Slight movement and one, or the other, or both, will pop out. Then they are difficult to reposition.
I have the SE115 and SE210 earbuds.  I lost the 115's and decided that the SE215 was for me based on my excellent experience with Shure.  They definitely are an upgrade in audio quality but not enuf to offset the discomfort I felt in my outer ear after wearing them for a couple of hours.  I tried wearing them for extended periods of time on several occasions with the same result and regrettably, I had to return them.  The 210's are still great earbuds so I won't lose any sleep over not being able to keep the 215's.  Just somewhat disappointed.  But on the upside... I found my 115's so all's well that ends well.
Was in need of quality ear buds that have the high tech capabilities and functions for studio work and stage stuff. Very pleased. You will not be disappointed!!
The ear hooks keep the buds in. The sound quality is much better than my Klipsch S4a. They are comfortable, even after long periods of wear. I really like their sound signature.
I just got these in today and tried them out in the gym while running.  I gave up on Etymotics because they are pricey to repair, and the wires on my numerous etys go bad yearly.  Rather than pay up to $80 for repairs on each set, I got these to try.  Since replacement cables are in the $20 range, I will get a cable as a backup and should be set.In the gym where my sweat gets all over these, they performed great.  After the workout, I took it all apart - eartips, cable, earphone pieces... all detatched, and laid out to dry for the next day.  I think this earphone will last well over a year.  Cable is thick and seems able to withstand daily winding/unwinding.  I keep this in a rigid camera case, rather than the included soft case.  I learned that from having delicate Etymotics :)I ordered the Shure flanged tips with these, and compared them to the Etymotics ones, which I've used for over a decade.  The Shure brand is a hair smaller than Etymotics, so I used the Etymotics tips.  I'll try the Shure ones later, but I'm happy to report that the Etymotic silicone tips work on this model. EDIT: Just a note, if you use etymotic silicone tips, don't push them all the way in.  There's a ridge on each earpiece, just push the etymotic tip a little bit over the ridge.  You can push it all the way on, but I couldn't get a proper seal.  A little over halfway on, and it works perfect for me.I use this paired with a Jabra Play bluetooth piece, which is the size of a AA battery.  Plug the earphones into that, clip it to the back of my shirt collar, and it works wirelessly with my Samsung Galaxy tablet.  Sound is great.Recommended.  I give this 4 stars instead of 5 because the way the Shure goes into your ear, and the way you curl the sturdy cable wire around the top of your ear, is a bit wierd.  It works, but it is odd to me.  Also, there's no option for a shorter cable at the time, like a 24 inch one.  so you can strap your music player to your arm and have the cable just long enough to reach it.  I workout with the wireless piece behind my neck, and the long cable is dangling behind me down to my waste.  As I run, it flops around like a tail.Small cons, though.  I can live with the cable length and the odd wire shaping around the ear.  For the $100 price and the thick, removable cable, this is THE workout earphones for an audiophile like me.Recommended for music lovers who sweat when they workout!
Wasn't really expecting to much but was pleasantly surprised how good they worked, the bottom end was very good and I could here my Bass guitar a lot better than I did with the 400$ ones I was using before. Would recommend for anyone using them for live playing.
I've owned some of my music for several decades, but now, listening to it with these earphones I feel like I am hearing it for the first time! These are extremely well made and worth the money for what they deliver!
I have been threw at least 20 different types of ear bubs but these are the best ever.Thank youChef-Frankie
LIked: The sound quality is incredible!Disliked: The way they wrap around your ear.  It's like I have to figure it out each time I put them on.  LOL it's just a small thing but it kept me from giving them 5 stars.I'd definitely recommend these!
Damn, who knew getting just the right ear bud at the right price would be so difficult.  I run about 3 miles a day on a treadmill at my health club.  If I can hear myself breath, or there is a cable thump or the bass is distorted or too shallow, or there isn't enough treble, or too much treble, or they are not loud enough, or they are too loud, or they are uncomfortable, I can't use them.  Boy, now that I am reading my review I sound really picky.  I guess that's cause i am with buds.  I've tried; bose, Sony (not bad but not good enough) Yurbuds, Klipsh, an active type of Sony buds, Etymotics, Adidas Senheisers, and a bunch I can't even remember.  All around the $100.00 to $125.00 mark.  I have to admit that when I got these I was not overwhelmed but had resigned to using them as I was more tired of exchange and lost all hope that there was something great waiting for me to try.  I used the white triple flange rubber earpieces (licked them before I put them it) and viola!  I got a tight seal that provided the right mix for my exercise.  I have to admit they are a bit of a pain to get into my ears at first, but when they're in, they're in for the duration.  There is very minimal thumping and the cord tucks away over my ears around the back of my head so they never get tangled while in use.  I think the people that complain about the cord are losers because it is a bit thicker but who cares as you never see it anyway.  I've only had them for a few weeks but so far they are really eggsellent.  Two thumbs up as long as you use the white flange ear tips.  Oh almost forget, cut a smidge of the rubber from the end of the tuby like end of the flanges so they didn't reach so far in my ear and now they are comfy as all get out.
When I bought these, I was looking for sound quality above all else; these have certainly delivered. What amazes me the most is the midrange. Both the base and the highs are absolutely wonderful, but the midrange sounds like nothing I'd ever heard before.When it comes to the fit, I found that they can be a little difficult. However, as long as you actually take the time to try the different eartips and find the best match, everything works out excellently. The foam tips will get the best seal (and hence the best sound), but I found that I couldn't always get a reliable seal; I would often have to fiddle around a bit before they were well settled. That said, the rubber tips (or maybe they're silicone, I'm not sure) will create a seal that is excellent, if just a little under the standard of the foam tips. I use the rubber ones because they're much less of a hassle to get a good seal with. Just pop them in, and you have a reliable, easy seal. During the first few weeks, I found that the rubber created a slightly unpleasant pressure (sometimes almost like the pressure changes one experiences while flying). However, the rubber tips slowly moulded themselves the shape of my ears, and they now fit without any unpleasant pressure. A good friend of mine who uses the foam has told me that they, also, have started to mould to his ears.I've never really had any problems with the wire stiffness around my ears, after a week or so, they were quite firmly in the best position, and didn't unbend unless forced.So a few months into my ownership of the Shure SE215-CL, I can honestly say that I have no regrets buying these earphones.
These are a good value for the price.  They did not block out all sound but for the price they worked well.
I would not recommend these ear buds to anyone. I have had Shure earbuds in the past and normally Shure is an excellent product but I would not recommend the SE215-K earbuds to my worst enemy. They do not fit well in the ear, the way the cable fits is atrocious. What on earth where the Shure engineers thinking?
I wear these IEMs maybe 6-times a month or so as I play at church.  This morning, I was greeted with a blown right ear monitor after 6-months of use.  I hear SHURE is fantastic when it comes to warranty and they are a local company for me, so I have full confidence SHURE will take care of it, but I expected better performance.  We'll see how the warranty claim goes...UPDATE: I live in the Chicago area and so I brought my SE215s directly to SHURE.  They changed out the bad ear bud and I was on my way in 10-minutes!  Yes, the ear bud blew and I'm not sure why, but the customer service was impeccable.  I am probably going to upgrade to 1964ears, but the great service makes me think long and hard about going away from SHURE.  My first rating was 1-star, but I have upped it to 4 now...3.5 is probably more accurate, but I can't do half-stars.
These headphones are worth every penny. i have no idea how they don't come up as being one of, if not the best for around $100. They block almost all of the noise out due to the foam ear buds and the sound quality is fantastic. They are small and compact and I know what ear buds i will be buying the next time.
Who knew that you could buy $100 in ears and they would actually seal inside your ear and give you great isolation? The transparency is spot on for the price. I program and track live and these work great.
These isolate the s*** out of sound, I can barely hear anything when they're in. And the sound quality is just preposterously good. The cord is super duper long too so they're great for the gym. Biggest complaint is that they just look nerdy as s***.
These are what I expected and sound ok for my band.  Not too expensive and I use them with the MiPRO wireless system.
I would not use these for stage performance in live situations but they are perfect for listening to recorded music.  However, the only people usually used to this type of in-ear are stage performers.  For stage performers used to higher quality dual or triple drivers ears, these will disappoint.  For casual listener who is looking for something better than stock ear buds, these will be uncomfortable and take some getting used to.  If properly inserted (which is key), they sound very good and are hard to pull out from body movement.  Quality of sound and build is much better than the Beats or anything you will buy at a box store.
if you want an objective review of the sound quality and build quality of this earphones, you can either youbue it or google it.. I am pretty sure they are the single best earphone at this price range that can actually rival the much more expensive ones. Thus i won't delve into the technical side of this earphone because there is already plenty of sites out there that do this better than i can.well, I am more shock of is the unparalleled build quality of this baby.this thing just look classy and everything is fantastic. The earbuds are made of memory foam, the shapes bend to best fit your ear canal. One of the side benefits the foamed earbud is the superb noise isolation; i can't even hear the typing from my mechanical keyboard while listening to music on medium volume.Even though the wire is replaceable, it is double layered to increase durability. Mine is the silver version so the wired is sheathed in a thin transparent white plastic, looks awesome.the earphone fits so well and comfortable inside your ear you won't even notice it after a minute or 2. I run with it almost everyday and it never falls.All in all, i am extremely impressed by how well this product is and at 99 dollars it just dwarfs the competition. It does take a while to get used to putting it on on a regular basis and it does look weird for some people.UPDATE:Sound quality is fine as usualbut sadly there is already distortion of sound causing by the connector.. oh man, as a vivid earphone user the very sign of this gives me a big headache especially for a pair of earphones that has only been used for less than 2 weeks and is being extremely well taken care of .i am sending it back for a replacement, hopefully the next one will be problem free..i dont want to downgrade my review until i extensively test the new one.. hopefully mine was only a lemon because i really like this product
Love my earphones! Only complaint is that the included earbuds are crap. If you get these then also purchase a separate set of Shure sleeves made specifically for this model.
Wasn't expecting the bass to be as good and was going to eventually get a pair of dual drivers. These convinced me that I'm fine with single-drivers. Great product.
No complaint what so ever.The product is well made and as it is described.Delivers a good sound. Good.
Update 9 July 2014:I have had no end of problems with the left ear bud cutting out. A little wiggling and it would work, but it would cut out again shortly after. I thought it was the end of the ear bug pushing against my ear canal, sealing the end, but it was not. It ended up being a poorly fitting connector on the ear bud. I took a very small screwdriver and bend the center pin just a tiny bit and it now they don't cut out anymore.After living with these things for three months (I wear them 1/2 hour a day, at least), I am no more excited about them. I have managed to bend the wire near the ear bud to get them stay in better, but I find the wire will flip around (off of my ear), making them want to come out again.I also used a paint pen to paint a red stripe on the right ear bud so I can tell which is which. Shure should have done something like this from the factory. The tiny red dot they put on there is difficult to see, especially when light is poor.The rotation of the ear bud makes a big difference is fit. Unfortunately, rotating the ear bud changes where the cord exits, and affects the fit, so some wire bending and trial and error is required to get the fit right if I rotate them. While these ear buds can be made to fit OK, it ends up being a project, and I don't want a project to wear ear buds. I have never had so much problems with ear bud fit  before.It's really too bad, as the basic concept of a good sounding, passively sound isolating ear bud is a great idea. I use them when in the garage -- they double as a music source and hear protection in one. It's an idea that worked very well in their previous versions.Original review:This is my fourth set of Shure sound isolating headphones. They have historically died by the insulation cracking after a year of two. I was excited to see that they updated their design - removable cables and the extra layer of insulation around the ear gave me hope that they would last longer.What I did not expect was that they fit has changed drastically. I have worn the previous generation for countless many hour stretches when working. I've worn them on many 12+ hour plane rides. I have never had any significant complaints about the fit for the previous generation models. This generation is completely different and don't fit me well at all. The right ear manages to stay in, but the left doesn't. There is a lot more bulk of rigid plastic to this model and if they don't fit your ear, too bad, they will fall out. I understand that everyone's ears are different, but dealing with that is the name of the game when making headphones.On top of that, the extra insulation around the ear makes the cord very stiff, which makes them more prone to falling out. I was looking forward to the extra insulation, thinking it would help longevity, but if they fall out all the time, then it won't matter.I suppose these will be my last Shure product.
My seven year old Shure EC2s were showing their age...and I bought them back when they were *way* more expensive than they were when they were discontinued.  I called Shure, direct, for some replacement tips and asked what is the current replacement for the EC2s and they told me about the SE215s.  So, even though my old E2Cs still work fine, I gambled on their advice and purchased the new SE215s.  My summary of them follows, in no particular order:1. Sound.  In the end all you judge a set of monitors (headphones, buds, etc.) by.  They sound as good as the EC2s and that is a serious compliment.  Definitely more punchy bass....very evident first time I fired them up.  Soundstage is balanced, highs are good, albeit a little less crisp than I'd prefer, but I'm a serious treble freak anyway.  Not in the universe with today's monitors geared towards *extreme* bass, which is a compliment by me.  Very, very good...a worthy successor to the EC2s in sound quality and imaging.2.  Build quality.  They're slightly smaller than past Shure in-ears, which is good.  Come standard with the medium, foam inserts.  Monumental pain removing these, initially.  TIP: Don't try to twist them...get a fingernail under the bottom of the tip barrel and carefully (and with MUCHO force) work them off the main body sleeve.  Genuinely, I thought I was breaking them and sending them back they were on that hard.  Be forewarned if you don't like the standards tips...after getting them off, all subsequent changes were slick and easy.3.  Cord.  Nicer in a way, pain in another major way.  Larger cord than prior models, super, super tough.  Replaceable too!  How cool is that!  You *never* see replaceable cords in sub $200 kit, ever.  Course, they're also even tougher to remove than the tips, so, again, that's weird.  They couldn't, at this price point, make them screw-in; they're snap-in.4. Fit.  Here's where it gets dicey.  If these are your first 'in ear canal' monitors, you have a learning curve.  Everyone has different ear geometry, so, at first, it's always a crap shoot inserting 'in ears'.  The seal has to be perfect and you have to experiment with the various tips to get it *just right*.  In my case, I've used Shure's for years, so I've got it down to a science.  Even knowing that, these were a bear getting right the first time.  Why?  Remember those 'larger' cords?  They have a moldable, approximately 3-4 inch section that allows the phone's cord to be molded back around your ear (you do know these are 'behind the ear' cord fit, right?) and, until you get used to it, it's a pain.  I had to *unlearn* years of fitting to get these things just right.That said, when you get them in right and crank on the music source, they're very, very good.  Again, as good as prior Shure models and at a price point at least 50% less.  There are some compromises made (no screw-in cables), cheaper tips than prior models, lack of a rewind spool in the storage case (prior models had them).But at this price point, who cares?  They work fine and are inexpensive enough that you don't baby them like a set of $500 in ear monitors.But be warned:  You will have to take time to:a) find the right tip that fits your ear's geometryb) learn to insert and get the cords just right behind your earc) learn how to take off tips occasionally and clean themGreat bargain at this price point.
I've tried most of the brands in the market but I've never seen something like this before. It's a complete professional item. Unlike beats by dre(just bass and the rest is below average), Shure has proven in all kind of genres. You actually hear the other instruments that you've never heard in the song you always listen. Material has way more quality than any other brand except those $500 ones. This item is underrated!
I have had these headphones for about 3 months now. I purchased them to use while I lift at the gym aboard my ship. These appealed to me because of the over-the-ear design to keep them from slipping out of my ears like my previous headphones, and because of the noise isolation. The gym on my ship also houses the A/C compressors for the accommodation which are incredibly loud.Pros:These headphones have excellent isolation and feel pretty comfortable when you find the right size foam for your ear. I have slightly different ear canal sizes so I had to use two different ones.The sound quality is pretty decent although, as some have noted, it may be a little bass heavy for some. Messing with the equalizer on your media player should help that.Cons:The cord is very thick and heavy which I thought would be a good thing but ended up making them a little cumbersome. Along with the thickness, the cord is also about 8 inches longer than any other headphone cord I have dealt with which makes keeping the cord from getting caught on things is difficult.As many other have experienced, one side of the detachable cord went out and only works when the cable is manually held in a certain position. It is probably pretty easy to see how this can be a problem. This happened after the second week of light, one hour a day use. Because I work on a ship, I didn't really have a chance to return them before my Amazon return period ended so now I am forced to go through the warranty return process. I have heard some bad things about Shure's customer service.Conclusion:Overall, if it was not for the failure of the cord and having to go through the warranty process to get it fixed, I would recommend these headphones. However, since so many people have encountered this problem (some more than once), I would say to look elsewhere for some headphones. I am fully expecting to have to do a warranty return on these multiple times and really wish I could have returned them during the warranty period.
These sound amazing... much better the the ones that came with my shure in ear monitor system.... Much more comfortable too!
As a former Bose "over-the-ear" user, I decide to give these a try after my Bose headphones literally fell apart after nearly 10 years of flying every week for work. Bass response is better, noise canceling is better, no batteries, less bulky..  what's not like? Trust me, you won't be disappointed!
The plug is too short to work on any cell phone with a case.  I will be returning this product.
I'm not sure why my experience seems to be so different from the majority of the reviews here.  I bought these based on a recommendation from someone at a local GC and the reviews here.  Here are my beefs:Sound: I find the sound to be thin, very little bass.Fit: I have tried all the buds and cannot find one that just feels right for me.  They always feel loose which might contribute to the sound seeming thin.  The over the ear design is somewhat odd for me.Sound Isolating: this is the area where my experience is really differnet from many of the reviews.  I would not classify these as sound isolating at all.  I wore them on a plane flight the other day and frankly I felt they blocked no more noise than a cheap pair of skull candy's that I have.Overall I'm glad I had used a gift certificate on these  because if I had paid full freight for them I'd be even more disappointed than I am now.  I'll probably just use these at work and try to find a decent pair of noise cancelling headphones elsewhere.**Update**Well I feel kind of stupid.  I just couldn't understand why these things just never felt right.  Well, I had them in the wrong ears!  I noticed one had a very small red dot on it and I thought that maybe meant right, but it just didn't look like it would work in the right ear.  After working on it a bit, I got it in and it fit and felt much better, making a large difference to how it sounded.  Still not "sound isolating", but pretty good.  So now I upped my review to four stars and will see how they do the next time I'm on a plane.
I'm very pleased with this product. Would recommend to other musicians looking for a solid in ear monitor. Nice price too.
I'm very happy with these headphones. I use them as in-ear monitors with a church band, for regular listening, and as headphones when working out.Positives:Great, well-balanced sound.Lots of earpieces, so its easy to find a good fit.Removable cord (the spot where my headphones usually break)Negatives:If you've never used behind the head headphones, they can be a bit uncomfortable at first.They REALLY block out sound. Could be a positive if you're into that sort of thing, but I can't wear them at work because they make me seem unresponsive to coworkers (in reality, I just can't hear them with these in).Overall, these are a great value and I highly recommend them.
I purchased the Shure SE215-K headphones a little over a week ago and have been overall happy with them.Two minor issues:1) The plastic part of the L-plug is too large in diameter for these to fit in my portable devices with a case on them.  Neither my Galaxy Note nor my Tablet.  2) they take a little practice putting them on.  It's taken me a while to get where I can put them on one-handed as they really need to be seated in your ear canal for best sound.  The different sized ear pieces help, but they do take a little of practice put them on easily.That said, I really like the sound... it's even and doesn't have any of the harshness I found in a lot of small driver in-ear headphones.
While the sound is good I expected a larger soundstageEverything feels so .. enclosed.However, for it's price and size they are amazing earbuds.Not they do need a little more power to make them better so if you dont have an amp it kinda limits the sound even more.
Last month i lost another pair of Shure in-ear headphones (a different model that is now discontinued) and I was mad. I loved those for their sound, construction quality and the carrying case they come with. I really wanted to get the exact same ones again but they are now discontinued, so somehow i convinced myself to try some Harman Kardon AE's. BIG MISTAKE! Sound was average but they were the most uncomfortable things to wear and their carrying case was terrible. So, i sent them back and got these Shure SE215's.These things are a STEAL for the price. They sound awesome, they are VERY comfortable to wear and they even look cool. They are the same style as rockstars wear during their concerts.I wouldn't even bother looking elsewhere. Get these and stop reading reviews.Happy Shopping!
One side of my Klipsch S4's went out so I was looking for a replacement around the $100 price range.  The headphones primary use will be at the gym and secondarily at an office job. After some online research, I decided on the Shure SE-215.  I've had them for a little over a month and I'm happy with my decision so far.  Sound wise, I would say that it is slightly better than the S4's because of the foam tips which reduces outside noise.  There's a little learning curve getting adjusted to the over the ear placement and the feeling of the foam tips vs rubber tips but it's worked out for me so far.Pros- Great sound for the price.  Foam tips create a good seal blocking outside noise.- Over the ear fitment.  This took a bit to get used to but it keeps the headphones in place with lots of movement.- Replaceable cable.Cons- Cable is ridiculously long.- Very difficult to change tips.  Changing tips is a chore and shouldn't be as difficult.
After reading a log of reviews both positive and negative, i took the plunge and bought a pair of these. The quality of the earphones is great if you could get them to stay on your ear. Having them stay on my ears was the most challenging part of it. They would keep falling out even if you start chewing gum or something like that. Because of the discomfort i had in having them on my ears i rated it low, for quality i would say its a 4 star product
I was excited to try these since I read good reviews about them. They sound pretty good. The bass is good, but the mids are slightly muddy which causes it to sound a little distant and muffled. Despite that I would have love to have kept them because they are better than a lot of other earbuds. However, trying to the replace the eartips is a pain! I followed the manufactures suggestion to freeze the entire earbuds (yes you read that right freeze the electronics, but not for the 24 hours the manufacturer suggested) It worked, however, after they warm up the eartips get to tight again again. After couple of eartip swaps, literally 3 hours after I opened the box, the plastic nozzle connecting the earbud to the eartip broke off. I can't justify replacing this item since the plastic is so brittle.
Awesome! They sound good, clarity is good, bass is ok, if you want more bass buy the better SE earbuds...but for $90-100, it cant be beat. It does deaden a lot of outside noise as well. I let my singer try them when I got em, he popped them in and sang 2 words, immediately stopped, said "Wow, holy $***", jumped to amazon.com and asked "What ones are those? Im getting them now!"We run them thru a Behringer 4ch headphone amp and run 1/8" ext cords along with guitar cables...wtf, your tethered anyway...and they work perfect!So for those of you on the fence about IEMs vs monitors, quit being a wuss and climb over, the grass IS greener on the other side!!
but... these are not typical typical earbuds. It takes a few days to get acclimated to their unique shape and fit.  The payoff though is great sound.  More importantly they excel at blocking out external noise... whether in the office so I can concentrate, in the yard mowing, and yes, on occassion to mute snoring. I highly recommend them - as long as the person knows it takes a bit of time to adjust.
Don't bother spending more for the higher Shure SE models. These sound balanced and accurate and sound isolating is definitely the way to go. I use these while I work (desk job) and on Sundays when performing.The only caution I can provide is that it's generally not a good idea to wear these anywhere where hearing outside ambient noise is beneficial. (e.g. jogging, driving, etc.) -- as these are extremely good at blocking outside noise.One really nice improvement (over my black SE215 copy) was that they finally added a plastic grid/mesh slightly inside the foam piece. This prevents earwax from getting into the actual ear piece. Now earwax is confined and far easier to clean/deal with.Having trouble figuring out which one ear piece belongs in which ear; left or right? I had originally found it annoying that I couldn't see/read the "L" and "R" on each earpiece like I could on my black pair... but that was only until I discovered that each ear piece has a color coded "dot" indicating left and right channel. (red for right, blue for left). It also doubles as the point where you need to line up the ear piece should you wish to replace the cable.
The behind ear design is ridiculous. The mic version cable is very thin and flimsy and was clearly not designed to go behind the ear. Therefore the cable does not stay behind the ear and starts flopping around. This is as good as trash. I miss my SE115.
I got these the other day an I was a little skeptical because I like good bass and also being able to hear good highs. Typically you either get one or the other. Shure NAILED this product! These are amazing! I can play my acoustic and sing and the highs will come out great or play bass on them and get the lows! I LOVE THESE! If you are hesitant like I was, Just pull the trigger and buy them! You will not be disappointed!
I spent $100 dollars on a nice pair of headphones for the first time in a long time. Not 15 minutes into listening to music does the left earbud  completely stop working.Although I am sure the return policy will be straight forward, I will now have to deal with returning these and not having headphones for a couple of days.Way to go Shure, you lost another customer!
Short and sweet. Sound quality is good, not 100 bucks good, but good. Incredibly annoying design, constantly slips out when Im running. Very annoying to put back in. The whole loop over the ear thing is ridiculous. I would not buy this design again, but if they had a more straight forward in the ear design Id consider it.
i bought them because my old earbuds died on me. i really thought the removable ending was a great feature. which i still thing the idea is great. but simply getting them to fit in your ear is a hassle and the way they wrap around (when you FINALLY do get them in your ear) just feels unnatural. they do what they're supposed to do. but i think this purchase has made it clear that these 'type' of earphones are not for me at all.
work well, easy to use, easy to carry around, no issues at all. Work as advertised. I like the fact they are very compact. would recommend to others.
I actually do NOT like the heavy 'memory' wire cord.  It's a little too stiff.  I have the SE425's too, which are twice the price and have 3 drivers and sound 3x better.  They also have the crappier cord which makes them harder to insert.  Since they aren't easy in and easy out, I don't wear these as much as I'd like because of that.The Sure equivalent w/o the memory wire gets much more use.
I can't wear earbuds.  If they fit my left ear they don't fit my right ear.These fit both ear perfectly and are comfortable for up to two hours.  After that I need a little break.  They also stay put when running.Sound is Excellent!  I haven't tried any $150 plus IEMs but these beat the pants off everything at lower price points.  Good clarity and a wide sound stage for such a small design.  Its not as punchy in the base as I'd like but the mids and highs are distinct and crystal clear.Although the base is very much affected by how far I push the rubber part into my ear.  Too far and it sounds basier but gets uncomfortable fast.I lost 1 pair and bought a replacement about a week later.  Couldn't be without them and wasn't willing to risk buying a competitor.
I am surprised that this earphone didn't eork for me. I aas counting so much on its brand name. The sound is very thin and broken. My husband used it for his game but he wasn't also happy for another reason that it don't hold up well. I wished I had the time to return it.
I use these to sing with at church and I can't hardly hear anything that isn't going through the speakers. Sometimes good, sometimes bad !  But I can hear the music really well, so it's great to sing with.
Today I received my SE215's from Amazon.  Sadly, I am disappointed.  The first issue is one of quality control on Shure's part.  Many reviewers have mentioned issues with the left earbud cutting out and this was the case with the pair that I received.  I really like the idea of being able to replace the cable on a set of headphones, however I think this design is what ultimately leads to so many issues with loss of signal.The issue is definitely in the cable and not the earbuds themselves.  I tried to isolate the issue by removing and reconnecting the cable, I also tried swapping the left/right connections.  The issue was intermittent and there were times when I thought I had solved the issue, but it always returned.These earbuds do sound good, but not enough to justify the price.  Many reviewers have commented on the bass response.  Proper fit is essential for bass response in any earbud.  Overall, I felt that the sound was very balanced and clean.  The thing that impressed me most was the stereo separation which in my opinion is the closest to over-the-ear headphones that I have experienced with an in-ear monitor.I'm going to return the Shure SE215 for a refund and just keep enjoying my pair of Panasonic RPHJE120K ($7.18 from Amazon) that I received for Christmas!Bottom Line:1)  Great balanced sound and stereo separation.2)  Proper fit is the key to good sound and bass response.2)  Concerns about Shure quality control.3)  The replaceable cable is a gimmick that is going to lead to problems down the road.I would not recommend this product.
noise cancellation is greatsound is clear, treble and midsbass is good but not greatoverall good valuegreat for running bc they dont fall outbest ear buds ive ever owned
I work as a scopist (a person who edits legal transcripts for court reporters) and use buds daily.  I was looking for a comfortable set to replace the ones I had worn out.  Sound is VERY important since I need to hear exactly what's going on in depositions and trials, and these fit that bill perfectly in that regard.  The sound IS great.  However, they drove me nuts!  I hated the over-the-ear wire.  I was very awkward.  I wear glasses and it was frustrating to get that wire to stay put. The buds kept falling out (and I tried several sizes) and the wire annoyed me.  I couldn't just pop 'em in and go.  I had to adjust them each time.  No thanks.  I don't have time for that.  I got the Bose IE2 instead and LOVE them.  The sound is amazing and I don't even feel them in my ears.  Easy in, easy out.  Good luck to you all in your search.
I have been buying Shure for years, but this product is disappointing, The ear pieces themselves are great, but the movement of the cables is audible inside the earphones and it sounds a bit like having your ear scraped with a wire brush. This was annoying both in a gym setting and at the office (you could hear the cable rubbing against the desk).
These are my first headphones in this price range. They're better than my old favorite, the sony mdr-60ex. Bass is amazing. They are very comfortable. They are also possible to wear when trying to sleep sideways. I use them while doing homework, working out, and well just everything. The ONLY thing I don't like is that the cable is rather long.
I like the shape, color and strong wire. The rub makes me a little uncomfortable but it really does a good job in sound isolation.As for the acoustical quality, it does not give me much surprise than my old cheaper Sennheiser.
I was apprehensive at first but I am now a loyalist the design to the foam plugs is exceptional.. The way it firmly comfortably fits in my ear without constant fixing..The sound is WoW good mods highs and lows.  I have become a shure customer for life although the prices are a little steep..
Looked at so many headphones, even the bose noise cancelling headphones and earphones. Honestly, the 215s are not noise cancelling but with music on, YOU CANNOT HEAR ANYTHING BUT YOUR MUSIC. It does a great job at giving you a great music experience. The 215s are lasting, durable, great sound highs and lows, and they are cheap compared to bose.
a few years ago I had a set of Shure E series ear buds, and they were great. I lost them somewhere and, so wanted to replace them, so i went with Shure again.  Problems are twofold. ONe,  These new ones  have cheap foam and rubber ear pieces which don't stay in as well as the old silicone ones and don't block sound as well. Two:  for some reason shure thought putting thick plastic sleeves on the wire closest to the ear would allow the user to mold the wire to fit over the ear.  This would be great if they held the position, but they don't. they just make them hard to put on and uncomfortable to wear with glasses. they also seem to get tangled very easily when you put them away.It's nice that sure decided to make the wires removeable for when they  go bad and the pivot at the point of attachment would seem prevent the the metal fatigue that probably caused the older non-pivoting style to fail; but between the tangles, fall outs and discomfort  I simply couldn't wear them for more than 15 min at a time.  I just returned them.
I love these in ear headphones. I live in Texas and I run 3-4 times per week with the headphones. The sound is great and the cord is longer than other brands I've owned. It takes a while to get the cord and ear piece to fit perfectly. Therefore, I gave it 4 stars but it is more like 4.5 stars.
I'm not much of an audiophile, but I've started buying and using headphones from different companies like JLab, Ultimate Ears, and Shure.  These are far and away the best earbuds I've ever owned in my life.  The sound quality is perfectly balanced, the noise isolation is amazing, the cord doesn't tangle or break, the fit is the most comfortable I've ever experienced, and they don't leak sound.  Replaceable chord and earbuds are just icing on the cake.If you aren't sure about whether or not to buy these, I promise that you will not be disappointed.
I bought these headphones, because I moved into a new space at work. The new space has surprisingly loud A/C units running full time. Sony and Bose noise cancelling headphones were unable to significantly reduce the noise.These earbuds include 6 pairs of sleeves: three sizes, one set in foam and one in rubber. The foam sleeves are exactly like foam earplugs. They do a great job of expanding to fill your ear canal and block a great deal of noise - even without music playing. These can take a little while to get used to. I've been sleeping with this type of earplug for years and had no difficulty acclimating to these.The sound is great. They sound significantly better than my slightly more expensive Sony noise cancelling headphones.As other reviewers have noted, the noise isolation is so complete that you should not use these in an environment where they might cause a safety issue. For me, I had to invest in a mirror for my desk. I didn't like how easily people snuck up on me. Others didn't like the fact that they could be talking to me for quite some time before realizing that I hadn't heard a word. :)
noise cancellation is greatsound is clear, treble and midsbass is good but not greatoverall good valuegreat for running bc they dont fall outbest ear buds ive ever owned
I've paid more for earbuds that have not performed as well as these Shure earbuds.  The earbuds are comfortable once the proper fit is established with the various sizes supplied.  Quality of the cables and the buds are heavy duty and durable.Have already used the buds for air travel on some longer flights noting exceptional cancelling of outside noise and excellent comfort.
Not a peep from any outside noise. Sound is Crystal clear. Bass is so important to me so this was a no brainer. Tricky to fit in ear at first but then it's easy after you get it. Great buy. Great company.
Bought these over a year ago at this point and have been using them daily. I am very rough with things, and have been impressed with how long these have lasted (most headphones only last me 4-5 months max). Excellent sound quality as well. I couldn't recommend these more.
It comes with a variety of sleeves, I found the large foam ones the most comfortable. It takes a while to get used to putting them on, just know that youll spend 10-15 seconds just fitting them into your ears, but its definitely worth it.
Incredible sound and isolation, awesome build quality, very ergonomic.Very cheap and i buy again, totally recommend this earbuds, bye
These earphones are perfect.  Since they block out virtually all sound, I can leave my volume low to save battery life and still have tons of sound.  Also good for studying if you just want to block out the sound of those around you (in a cafe or pub) without having to put in actually earplugs.  For the price, I highly recommend these earphones to anyone.
These are awesome for the musician who wants to give in-ears a shot. They're loud, they isolate well, and they fit pretty nice. The pack of buds offer rubber fittings in 3 sizes and foam plugs in 3 sizes. if you like to use the "ear-plug" style, i suggest ordering more tips. they can be had for around $15 for 5 more pairs.these are also great for just listening to music on.
I didn't expect them to be such hard to fit. My ears are not large at all, but the part used to fix the plugs on ear is too short, making it really hard to fit.
They are good quality. Only negative is the buds are too big for my very small ear canals. An optional size bud available would be nice.
I purchased the Shure SE215-K headphones a little over a week ago and have been overall happy with them.Two minor issues:1) The plastic part of the L-plug is too large in diameter for these to fit in my portable devices with a case on them.  Neither my Galaxy Note nor my Tablet.  2) they take a little practice putting them on.  It's taken me a while to get where I can put them on one-handed as they really need to be seated in your ear canal for best sound.  The different sized ear pieces help, but they do take a little of practice put them on easily.That said, I really like the sound... it's even and doesn't have any of the harshness I found in a lot of small driver in-ear headphones.
Sound is good. Right bud stopped working in less than 2 months.Not happy. Buying earbuds again----will not be Shure
The sound quality of these earmuffs may be outstanding but the sheer size and awkward feeling when wearing them really limits their use.  Not headphones I would wear while engaged in any physical activity or on the move.
These sounded wonderful while they were working. I have had previous generations of Shure earbuds which I preferred, a little more even in response (and didn't give up the ghost so easily). These are a little bass-heavy for me, but plenty of people love that about them. I have tried many different sets of earbuds in the 100-150 dollar range and, in terms of sound, Shure is really as good as it gets ...Problem is, the left side started cutting out after using them moderately for LESS THAN A WEEK. Cable issues, as several here have noted. Returned. A broken product is a broken product. I would normally give 1 star, but must give 2 because they do sound great.
She said it was one of her favorite gifts.  All day long Christmas day she kept the in her ears.
They sound amazing and fit great. looking forward to buying more pairs of them for the rest of the crew.
For in ear headphones. these are by far the best.  im a huge adiophile when it comes to loud music.  Im a big fan of the cambridge soundworks bookshelfs speakers hooked up to my denon.  I have some bose and beyer headphones that are over ear stereo types.  and these are for when i travel.first part, the headphones come apart from the actual cord.  why is this good? well when your cord wears out or it gets cut somehow, you dont need a new pair, you just need the cord.The hadphones if put in properly with the wire around the ear, are phenomenal and even hours of plane use from NYC to london, these wont hurt your earsThe bass and just overall quality of the sound is superior.  I also can blast them in a public area without anyone around me hearing a thingi had a pair of the 435s or something and my puppy at the time chewed those up. since i have bought these and they sound amazing as well.  GO FOR IT.
The sound is good, not excellent, before these I was using a similar sennheiser the price was the same, but the sound much better
Top of the line quality of sound and great noise isolation. I put these on and I can't here the person next to me talking, let alone the noise on the airplane. The memory foam earbuds make all the difference.
It takes some getting used to to put these on correctly, and after about a week of use, I still struggle a little to put them on in the dark. Also, the included ear tips didn't fit me very well, medium was a bit too small and the large was a bit too large. I also purchased Comply Tx100 at the same time and with Comply ear tips, all is grand. I had been using Klipsch S4 for a few years until my new puppy chewed them up. These are definitely a step up from Klipsch S4. Twice as expensive as S4, but I feel it's worth it. I had them on during a business trip and they were comfortable and blocked almost all of the airplane noise. I also have Bose QC15 and they are awesome at canceling airplane engine noise, but a bit too bulky and does not block out crying babies. For $100, can't beat the price or the sound quality.
The sound quality is a bit disappointing.  It lacks clarity.  In addition, there is also cable noise when it it touched which is annoying.  For about the same price, you can get a much better sound from headphones such as Audio Technica's M50.On the other hand, the noise isolation and build quality seem good.
Stopped working after 6 months of light use. Now the left ear will stop playing music intermittently but come back on if I jiggle the headphones around a little. Annoying for such an expensive product.
Bought these as a replacement for some my wife had that died after a few years of using while running. This new pair is solid and sound terrific. I have used Klipsch, Bose, and these Shure, and these are some of the best sounds headphones I had used. Deep bass, and tight fit...once you get them in just right, which can be a challenge at times, but once you get used to putting them in, and bend the wire just right, they go right in.
I recently purchased the Shure SE215-K as a Christmas gift.  I must say on the behalf of the receipient that it far exceeded it's reviews. Was very pleased with purchase.
The sound quality is excellent, and it's perfect on the train - I cannot hear a thing.  With many cheap headphones that means turning the music up very high.  With these I don't have to.  I'm very happy with these.
For $100, these sound amazing and do a great job of blocking out ambient sound. They are comfortable in my ears for hours at a time and stay firmly in place thanks to the cables that wrap behind your ears. I will reiterate that these really sound fantastic. The only catch is that the cable built quality is poor. This is the third pair of Shure earphones I have purchased and the cables invariably fail within a year of purchase. One earphone or the other will start to cut out when the cable is twisted in a certain way and then eventually that earphone cuts out all together. I had them replaced via Shure's warranty one time and bought a replacement cable the other two times. It is very nice that the cables are replaceable independent of the earbuds, but the replacement cables are about 1/3 the cost of the whole earphone set and you have to go through the hassle of ordering and replacing them. These are great earphones, but I really wish they would fix the cable issue or offer cheaper replacement cables.
It suits my needs perfectly.  I wasn't certain when I ordered it but I am now 100ercent sold on it.
The noise canceling and isolation work so well, I can't hear people talking a few feet away from me.  Sound quality is great, with audible bass but not too much.  6 different ear inserts mean it should fit just about anyone, but the standard size has worked for everyone I know.  The cable is long, very durable and replaceable.  It takes a little getting used to because the cables go forward, then up and over your ears, unlike most earbuds that just dangle.
I've owned these for almost a year now, and enjoy the sound quality just as much now as I did on the first day. They have held up very well during the time I've had them, and I use them everyday and sometimes in rough conditions; the single sign of wear is that the "SHURE" logo on the side has faded slightly. The comfort level is fine, as they are made to be molded to your ear and hold that position fairly well over time. In terms of relative sound quality, these out-perform anything at a similar price range, Bose included (in my opinion).A note on the earpieces: I use the stock round silicone ones occasionally, and these are fine for most use. However, I recommend buying the triple-flanged earpieces from Shure if you are after noise-isolation (search Shure EATFL1-6, they should be about $8 and are well worth it).
I have a pair of Shure SE 425s that broke.  While waiting to get them fixed, I need a backup set of IEMs.  I saw these 215s and since I love my 425s, I figured these couldn't be too bad and at 99 dollars, seemed worth my time.Definitely a good purchase.  Like the 425s, the cord for these is detachable, which is great because usually I destroy cables pretty quick by snagging them on something or just bending the wires inside too much from use.The sound is great.  Now, I am not a full-bore audiophile.  I don't listen to only lossless tracks directly made from the master recordings of artists.  But I do listen to a LOT of music and like my music enough to know that ipod earbuds are awful and cause you to lose so much texture of music.  The 215s help ensure that does not happen.  While they are not as natural-sounding as the 425s, the quality is still great.  Sometimes the bass may be a bit heavier than it should be but it definitely not anywhere close to too heavy and, at the price point, quite good.If you want a decent IEM without breaking the bank and don't care about absolute "perfect" sound translation, these are a very good choice.Tip:  The foam tips that come with these make my ears hurt.  And the silicone tips never seal right.  I know this is not an issue for everyone, but if it is for you, I recommend getting some custom tips made.  There are numerous sites you can find online that will make these using either a home impression kit or one make by an audiologist.  I have a set for my 425s and they are super comfortable and create a great seal for excellent sound.
It's clear that the attachment points between the earpiece and the cord degrade over time and cause some cutting in and out of the audio. This can get very annoying, and I will update this review when I buy a new cord and try them again.The sound is absolutely great, though, and they do a nice job of isolating you from the noise of the outside world. I use them regularly on wingsuit skydives, and I get a little wind noise but my tunes sound nice!Despite my limited experience with other brands, I'd say these will beat the rest at similar price points. Second pair of higher end Shure IEMs and I'll keep buying them despite the little snag with the cord...
Delivers great sound and ear buds stay nicely in ears.  They provide a nice carrying case and extra ear cuffs.
These are fantastic sound isolating in ear monitors.  Great for when you want the outside world to just stay out
Bought these for someone else. I tried them and the sound quality was very good as well as the noise isolation. It wasn't complete but to 35dcb. Therefore only could rate a 4. Also a little clumsy getting them adjusted to your ear.
These have great treble response, extremely detailed, but are a little lacking in the bass unless you insert them so far they touch your brain. Fitment is fantastic... eventually. I spent probably 2 months fiddling with the little form-able wires, trying 4 different ways of wearing the headphones, all which proved to be not quite as good as the normal way. But once you figure out the right way to wear them, and get the wires formed to your ears, they're some extremely comfortable earbuds, and thats from someone who seriously hates earbuds. The flexible wire wraps around your ear and really holds them on while youre doing other activities, though I probably wouldn't take them running, because the connector doesn't look very water/sweat resistant.They're holding up relatively well after 1.5+ years, which is longer than my earbuds have ever survived during daily use. The 1/8" jack is incredibly sturdy, and the headphones cords themselves seem to have some sort of metal braided protection in the insulation. However these have developed a minor issue which comes and goes. Something inside the right earbud is rattling, or pinging. It's almost like the little teeny wire inside the clear plastic earbud is being plucked like a guitar string. It happens when I move my head into certain positions, like if I tilt to the right and then back up. Fiddling with it usually makes it go away, or sometimes I just hold my head still, but it is very annoying and might indicate the earbud is about to fail, but if my track record is anything I'll loose them before I hit the 2 year mark.
Well first off I am no audiophile so probably couldn't tell teh difference between Mozart and Cher.  Well maybe those two but I'm no professional.  Saying that I think the sound they produce is pretty good.  I also liked my Skull Candy Titans but they seem to keep hiding on me.Now for the design.  Figuring out how to install them took a while.  Yes I used the work install instead of put them in because that seems more appropriate.  After doing it a couple times though it seems easy enough.  I normally just used the regular ones you just push in the ears so the wrapping the cord around the ear part took some trial and error.In the questions there were some concerns about using them with glasses.  While I would think they would be a big problem based on how they fit, they are not.  They seem to work just fine with glasses.Phone cases.  This is one area I had a problem.  The case on my phone and tablet did cause some issues though.  The jack does not fit them.  I already had a solution though for my tablet which was a short 3 inch male to male cable with a female to female adapter on the end.  Adds some bulk to the cable but otherwise works ok.  It would be better if they could redesign the plug to have more clearance.If the plug was designed better I would probably give them 4.5 stars.  If they didnt wrap behind the ears I would give them 5 stars.
The shape is bulky and awkward in the ear.  The cord is so stiff that the sound of the music was drowned out by the sound of plastic shifting around. The bass was completely missing from the music and the treble was nauseating.  WORST EAR BUDS EVER.  I'll have to go back and buy a replacement pair of Bose, even though the Bose cord is cheap and flimsy.  If only Bose could use a stronger cord, like these but without the stiff part near the earpiece, I'd be in luck...oh well.
Great sound for the money.  Only complaint is that you have to wrap around the top of your ear,  so using for jogging is a pain,  as the cord is a little stiff and so they don't stay in that well.  But otherwise awesome value.
Shure is an trusted audio company that produces fantastic products, and offers a 2 year limited warranty on their in-ears.  The SE215's are a great option for the $100 price point.  Since they block out so much noise, they are great for commuting, working in noisy areas, or for on-stage performance.PROS- Great sound.  Can't stress that enough.- Great noise isolation.  Comes with 3 foam and 3 rubber earbuds (in S, M, and L sizes of each type).  These earbuds block out up to 37 decibels of sound, with the foam being more effective.  Because they isolate so well, I do not (and would not recommend) wearing these while exercising or in any circumstance where you need to hear what is going on around you.- Solid cable construction.  The cable is sturdier near the ear (so it doesn't break from wrapping the wire behind the ear).  The cable is also detachable at the earpiece so you can replace a cable/earpiece cheaper.- They stay once you get them on.  I have had trouble with in-ear headphones staying in my ear for long periods of time, but these fit well and stay put.  Wrapping the cord behind your ear helps a lot with this.CONS- Changing the earbuds.  I had a lot of trouble getting the Medium foam earbuds off initially.  I would recommend using you fingernail to slowly and carefully slide off the earpiece.  Removing the foam earbuds is more difficult than the rubber ones.- Achy ear canals.  After wearing the buds for an hour or so my ear begins to ache a bit.  They fit snugly in the ear, which is what blocks out so much of the noise around you.  A bit of aching is a price I am willing to pay though.FINAL THOUGHTSThese in-ear earbuds are the best I have ever used.  I ended up changing to the rubber small earpieces and love the fit.  Some people recommend a burn-in period of 20+ hours before these work to their true potential, but I have not noticed any difference after many hours of listening.
sound good but I expected a little more from them, I have had hearing aids that have a price less than or equal improved performance.example, the ear pods
It could just be me.  I didn't quite know how to modify the ear buds to fit in the right direction in my ears.  The sound seems to be amazing, but I struggled so much with the ear phones that I had no choice but to send it back.
Poor quality, they worked for only one run on the tread mill and the left ear stopped working. These earphones were made for runner, guess they didn't tell the guys putting them together. The Klipsch and Beats ear phone are still working strong and sound great after many workouts. Don't buy the Shure they are not worth the money.
Despite trying every ear insert, the ear buds would not seal to form the sound isolating experience I was wanting.
I returned these headphones. If you have an iPhone case, most likely the plug will not fit in. I called Sure and they blamed Apple for sending the wrong specs, but the iPhone 5 has been out for over a year and they have not taken the time to fix the problems. They sent a cheep extender that will fit, but it is just another wire to break.
Overall great headphones for the price, amazing isolation.Isolation:Superb. They isolate more than the Vic First Drumming headphones, which isolated very well. Instead of muffling the highs like the Vics, These cut out most of the bass. My kick sounds completely flat with no low end while wearing these. This is great, because when you're monitoring or playing with music, you don't get all the muddy noise, but you can still hear the attacks from your kit through the seals. You can always monitor your kit and get the low end back that way.Sound:Very bassy, not in the muddy way, but in the deep way. They get really low, powerful frequencies instead of just amplifying most of the low end like a lot of cheaper headphones, which muddies up the sound. Still, these are very bassy.Weird thing:The foam ear tip was super hard to take off the earphone to the point where I was worried that I would break them. No damage, but it's tough to get off/on.
i bought these earphones to use when I drum.  After having them for some time now, I want to say that these are great! work great at insulating the sound of the drums in my ears.  I like how they feel around my ears, and have no problem with them! music coming thru them sounds great! I always wanted a great pear of earphones for drumming with, now I got them! and I am happy! get these if you are tight on budget. these earphones are AMAZING for this price! I would recommend these!
I expected better because of the good reviews. Overall it's a great pair of earphones with excellent build quality, would definitely recommend.
I'm no audiophile, but even I can tell the difference between these and other "less expensive" ear buds.  I was amazed at the sound quality out of the box and did my own listening test vs. several other pairs of ear buds that I have.  First pair test vs. the Shure were relatively cheap $20 Skull Candy.  No comparison.  Second pair tested were Bose IE2.  Closer to discern between the Bose and the Shure, but the SE215-K is clearer, crisper and rich deep tones.  The last pair that I tested was the Samsung phones that come with a Galaxy S4 smart phone.  Again, no comparison, Not even close.The only downside was it was a bit difficult to change to try a different type of sleeves.  It took a little time and patience to figure out, but ultimately not too bad if done carefully.They fit great and feel great wearing them.  I never tried the over the ear style before, but they are really comfortable and secure.  I've only had them a couple of weeks, but they work well for every use I've used, from walking to riding my motorcycle and using them with my Sena SMH10 Bluetooth com system.
Got these as a birthday present about a year ago and just love them. Also currentlyown Beats sports earbuds (the red ones) and the sound on the Shure blows away the Beats.  I love the design, the snug fit and the quality of the sound.  I hear things I never knew existed in the song!  The reason I came on line was to look at upgrading - and am considering the higher end Shure.I understand the negatives people write about but put it this way - the negatives on these are mere inconveniences - personally, I can't think of a negative.  Just buy them and you'll understand.  I run an hour at good speed 4 days a week - work up a sweat and have no problems with these (as compared to almost every other "sport earbud" I've purchased).
I don't ever write reviews but i had to when my wife put my jeans in the washer with my SE215s in the pocket.  These headphones survived a full wash and dry cycle.  I plugged them in right out of the machine thinking they were dead.  To my surprise they came on.  I am somewhat picky when it comes to sound, but i could not detect any loss of quality.  Really happy with these indestructible bastards.
Bought these and Beats. I ended up returning the Beats.  My BF owns a pair of Bose earbuds.  Comparing all 3, I thought the Shure earbuds outperformed both Beats & Bose.  Awesome, awesome sound & quality.
I Absolutely love these!Pros: Great sound, incredible noise isolation, long cable, great memory foam ear tips with lots of size compatibility, very good fit, very comfortable, best earphones I have ever had. Better that Powerbeats and Klipsch Custom 3'sCons: Maybe cable length, noise isolation is very good making these possibly unsafe for outdoor useI looked at a lot of earphones and I am really glad I went with these. Perfect for working out. They never fall out of my ears or even come loose. Also very sweat and moisture resistant.
I bought these for durability and decent sound quality. I wasn't expecting the best sound from them but wanted something on par with Klipsch Image S4's. After trying multiple different ear piece sizes and listining to them for 5 days I finally gave up. They don't sound as good as the $37 Sony MDR-EX210's I've been using for the past month... let alone the image S4's. They lack any mid range sound performance and have no bass except for extreme low notes (rare in most music even rap). The main reason I bought these was the durability. Aparently Shure failed here too as the left side intermittently cuts out a few times a day and has since day one.I was hoping to have a decent sounding pair of earbuds that would survive the abuse of being used 8 hours a day for over 6 months.My past 4 pairs of $70-100 headphones have all failed near the cord connection to earbud, the cable, or from liquid. At least those earbuds sounded good for almost a year before they broke. These were a failure from the begining.
This is the best product that I have ever put in my ears.  I have owned everything from beats to bose.  These top them all.  I would really suggest buying them and dropping the rest.  The cord is extra thick and doesn't like to tangle.  great!!!
I lead worship at my church and I am somewhat of an audiophile. I love these headphones! The bass and clarity is great, and they don't need to be burned in. This is my second pair because my old ones got thrown in the wash - 4 times might I add! They worked until then. Great headphones!
they sound pretty good, not great.  the problem is the ear buds keep comimg out and ive tried all the different sizes..
these earphones have been great for the gym. they are comfortable and have a durable construction. i would recommend these for anyone looking for comfy earbuds that stay in your ears.
Following the death of an older pair of earphones and the purchase of the "updated" version (I.E. far worse), I decided it was time to upgrade.  I've got a preference for open-ear headphones/earphones because of the improved sound stage they typically offer, but this time around, I was after something with a lot of noise isolation.  People instantly suggested noise cancelling headphones and earphones, which made me laugh.  Active cancellation is horrible.  To the point, though.  After two months of looking, I opted to pick up the SE-215s.Out of the box, the fit wasn't great, but I expected this.  Still, I listened to them for an hour with the stock ear-tips, so I can confirm something I've been seeing: without the right fit, these are not going to feel like they're worth $100.  The noise isolation doesn't work very well, and the sound quality suffers.  Get the right tips on them, and it's a different story.After throwing on the biggest tips, things started looking up quickly.  With very little volume from my tablet (A Nexus 7, which is their primary source), I couldn't hear anything around me at all.  At half volume, a loud basketball game may as well have not been going on.  Get the right tips, and the isolation WILL follow.  In fact, I've seen people mention that you don't want to use these in places where you need to be able to hear some of what's going on around you, and they're right.  The isolation is crazy.Another point of these I've seen discussed is the fit.  People keep mentioning the "Shure fit."  This comes back down to the tips you have on your earphones.  If you have the wrong tips, they're not going to be very comfortable.  With the right tips, however, they almost vanish into my ears.  Unless I pay close attention, I can pretty easily forget that they're there, though I'm very prone to spending long periods of time (upwards of six hours with minimal breaks) with headphones/earphones on/in.  As such, I'm used to long-duration wear.  Still, with the right tips, these are very comfortable.  Not once have I had to take them out because they were bothering me, even after sleeping in them for a full 9 hours.  (On that note, if you want a pair of earphones to sleep in, these also work great.  They sit deep in the ear with a minimal profile on the outer ear, so it's possible to lay on them and feel no discomfort.  May not work well for people with small ears, though.)What about the sound?  Again, this is dependent on the tip you have.  Get the right tip, and the trinity (isolation, comfort, and sound) show up at the same time.  People complain that these are bass-heavy, and I agree to a point.  These earphones are not in any way neutral.  The bass does come through strongly enough to make the mids feel thin and the highs muffled.  That being said, it's nowhere near as bad as those abominations known as Beats.  Music is still very easy to listen to and enjoy, and unless you're a big fan of Grado and Sennheiser, I'm not sure you'd really feel that the bass was overpowered at all.  The attribute that takes the biggest hit is vocals, but again, that's coming from Grado and Sennheiser, both of which are very, very good at bringing out all parts in the mix equally.Continuing to focus on the tips, changing them is a royal pain in the ass the first time.  I nearly ruined the default pair trying to get them off.  It's going to take a while, so don't rush it.  Literally took me 20 minutes to get both sides changed out.Overall, I strongly suggest these.  They do exactly what I wanted them to do with ease, and for $100, I'm not sure how much better it could have been done.  The cables are detachable, and if you want, you can get cables to use them with your iPhone or Android phone.  Can't comment on the functionality of either, as I despise iPhones and don't have the cash for a decent Android phone right now.On an unrelated note, I wish these were waterproof.  I actually don't like taking them out first thing in the morning to go and nab a shower.  It's nothing worth complaining about, though it's the only thing I think they could improve on in this price range.  As far as better sound quality goes, I'm not sure what to say other than to jump up to the SE-425s or higher.
I  got my NEW 215 clear at a retail store, and after reading so many reviews and comments about this inear phone... I thought I should also give my comments too.I had 2 SHURE inear phones few years ago, "E" series mostly the lower-end ones... those with cables that cannot be detact. They all lasted about 1.5years all with the same problem...damaged cables...resulting in failing on one side of the earphone.  I did not get a replacement since it was after the warranty period, but the SHURE customer service was kind enough to explain to me that the damage was due to wear and tear + humidity & constant shifting of the cables at the end of the jacks.I felt it was a pity that the cable were damaged but the speakers and components on the earphones were still good. But I was not able to afford the highend series of SHURE with detactable cables...years ago; those were expensive.Now when I saw 215 with detactable cables I was very pleased.  An entry level earphones with detactable cables is some thing not seen.  This is a cool feature that cannot be found in entry levels.  I could change the cables if damage....making it last much more.The one draw-back I found after I got the 215 is that it really took me a while to wear them. Another issue that I had not thought of....my  prescription glasses.  The E series had softer cables & without any metal wire in the cable that loop over my ear...so it did not get in the way of my glasses, but the 215 cable (the cable to loop over my ear) have thicker and are wired with a thin piece of bandable metal....this WILL GET IN THE WAY with prescription glasses. So beware!But I still think that the pros of the 215 out weight the cons.  Too bad that I have not realized that about the cables getting in the way of and my glasses, but I have to live with it as I want a inear phone with detactable cable.
I have had my SE215 earbuds for over a year and still love them.  When I compare my earbuds to earbuds friends have bought for more then $250, my earbuds sound better all around.  Their earbuds sound more crisp at the higher frequencies, but overall the whole sound experience is better with mine.  The base on the SE215 is really good, haven't found any earbuds that sound better, base wise, then mine for around the same price.  The quality base is the most noticeable thing I hear when I compare my earbuds to more expensive, non-Shure brand, earbuds.Before I bought my SE215's I was really worried about all the reviews that say the cables go bad after a short time.  Mine still have no problems whatsoever and I have been listening to them for at least 2 hours a day for over a year.  I take really good care of my earbuds and I use the carrying case whenever I transport them.  I even through them into my laptop bag everyday on my way to work and still haven't had any issues.Bottom line, if you are wondering whether to get these headphones, just get them.  You will not be disappointed.  After listening to my SE215's I have had friends go buy a pair the next day because of how much they loved the sound quality of these earbuds for the sub $100 price.Cons: The only complaint I have about these headphones is they can be a little uncomfortable after wearing them for more then three hours.  I never have had a problem with my right ear, but my left ear will start to get sore after about three hours and if I leave them in for more then six or seven hours I will have to remove the earbud from my left ear because it can really start to hurt.  I don't listen to them for more then four hours very often, so it isn't a big deal.  Even with this problem I would still buy another pair in a heartbeat because the quality sound that is produced from these headphones is amazing.  Also, I wouldn't recommend these headphones if you are looking for something to wear while sleeping.Last note, I have a sound system at home with Sonas Faber Toy Towers and a REL T-9 sub.  I bought this sound system for listening to music and not home theater (though the T-9 is geared for home theater).  I've listened to other high end music sound systems, including the Alexandria 2 from Wilson, and can easily hear the difference between these high end systems and other systems.  You can definitely get earbuds that sound better then the SE215's, but the only earbuds I've ever heard that sound better are the higher end Shure earbuds and other brand earbuds that are well over $200 dollars.Hope this review helps!
(Review copied from previous Amazon account). This is my second pair of Shure in-ear monitors. The first endured five years of heavy use before the cable failed. I purchased these largely because of the replaceable cable.The quality is outstanding....the cable is thick and supple, the cable connector fits tightly, and the selection and fit of the eartips is great (Shure eartips have always fit me well). The sound is very good, with full bass, warm midrange, and clear treble. However, these do have a somewhat forward sound, not quite the precise timing and spacious soundstage that some in-ear monitors convey (Etymotic comes to mind).That said, I believe 99% of users (myself included) will prefer the warm, powerful sound of the Shure's. Please note that Shure earphones are designed for the cable to be passed above and behind the ear for a secure fit. This does secure the fit, but can be slightly awkward for glasses wearers.Update: After several years of steady use the Shure CBL-M+K Accessory Music Cable (separate item) that I purchased along with these began to fray and was replaced by Shure, free of charge under warranty. Recently, the earbuds and cable were inadvertently stepped on, breaking the right earbud and the accessory cable. After sending to Shure, they were both replaced for a VERY fair price. With such reliable customer service, I'm a Shure customer for life.
I've been using mine heavily for a couple of months now and enjoy them very much. The sound is very good - rich and full, without being too bass heavy. Some kinds of music can spike in the high frequencies (around 4k) but you can fix that with a little bit of EQ.Overall, I have no complaints, just a small warning about getting the foam inserts wet.I used these at the gym once and got sweat on the foam inserts. I figured that since they're supposed to deal with performances, they should be fine for sweat. Not so.Once the foam insert was exposed to sweat, it became very hard to compress the foam before inserting it into my ear. The actual drivers are ok, just the foam. I've order some replacement foam tips and will be sure not to make this mistake again.
My wife had a pair of Shure EC3s she purchased in 2006 for $135 and worked great until she left them in the plane on a flight home from Chicago last month.  The SE215s are superior in sound qaulity and construction, and just as good in fit and comfort.  The zip pouch does not have a spool inside like the EC3s but it works fine.
They're exactly what I wanted.  They fit perfectly in my ears, and the cost is very reasonable.  The sound is very clear.
I had a pair of Shure SE115s which I liked very much. Unfortunately, I left them behind on an airplane. Since the 115s are no longer available, I "upgraded" to the 215s. Compared to the 115s, which had strong bass but a very warm overall sound, the 215s sound very tinny to me, more like some $40 Sony earbuds I had a few years back.
I just got them I the mail today.  They arrived SO FAST and loved them from the start.  Very well build and very sturdy.  I have gone through so many pairs of crappie headphones in my life.  Most break after two or three weeks.  So I did a lot of research and found these.  The price was a bit scary because I was so use to getting new ones that I thought "wow it's gonna suck if these break".  I took the plunge and bought them after I read tons of reviews all over the net.  Well it was worth it!  These headphones have no business sounding this good!!!!! The tips that came attracted were a bit hard to get off that came preassembled but I just used my teeth lol.  They were to small and memory foam which just feels weird so no harm if I damaged those.  I just got the HTC ONE and with the beats these are even better!!! Take the plunge it's worth it!!!!
This is the 4th pair of sure headphones that I have purchased in the last 5 or 6 years.  I purchased this set for my son for Christmas.  He loves them!  I have a pair of SE535's that I use, but these sound GREAT!.  Not quite as punchy as mine, but for 100 bucks you can't complain.  They are at least as good as my $300 Bose over the ear headphones.
Initially, it did take some effort to get the buds to fit comfortably in my ear.  However, once configured properly, these ear buds are comfortable for an extended period of time, and sound amazing.
As a owner of an Audio Technica MTH 50, these are perfect in ear headphones. They are worn over the ear, which may be an issue for some. Overall, the quality is amazing, but one may not like how they fit in one's ears.
Very good sound at a reasonable price, and am interested in possibly trying one of the more expensive models in the future.
Awesome product, great sound and outside noise blocking, took few days to get used to the over ear design but now I love it! Great buy!
I have high expectations of Shure but the SE215 didn't wow me in any way.  Having said that, it's the first earphone I've owned to get the right mix of all the characteristics I look for in an earphone.  I'm more demanding of an earphone than a stay-at-home headphone, it has to do more than stay on my head and sound good.  Things like durability, isolation and microphonics, among other things, are important and Shure gets that.Comfort/Design:They were not as comfortable as they looked.  It's a personal thing but they literally rubbed me the wrong way, not so much as to be problematic but it dismissed the notion I had of any IEM of this shape being instantly comfortable, something I will think about for future purchases.  Still, they were adequate and I would pick an over-the-ear style cable any day.  Due to the cable route and the cable itself, microphonic noise is as low as I could reasonably expect.  I was not able to comfortably listen to them while lying on my side but your experience may differ.The Shure "Olive" foam tips are comfortable and I found them easy to fit.  I've never had the issues some people have with memory foam eartips or earplugs but I still found them easier to handle than most.  Contrary to popular opinion, they can be cleaned without entirely losing their performance.The cable jack is solid and properly strain relieved but is bigger than with most other earphones.  So much so that most iPhone cases (the ones that cover around the jack) that aren't of the super-thin variety will not allow you to plug your earphones in.Isolation:It will be hard to beat any Shure for isolation at this price point.  I can't fault it at all, any more might be dangerous.Durability:With the rave reviews at the time, I had high expectations and my initial impressions were good.  It was the best feeling cable of any IEM I've used and it looked rugged enough.  It resisted tangling or kinking and felt like it would outlast my other IEMs by far but I was wrong about that last one.  My first cable broke at just over half a year and the 2nd cable lasted about that long as well.  Both were swiftly repaired under warranty and my final cable lasted an impressive 2 years although at that point, the memory wire had punctured a whole in the heat shrink that at the part of the cable that wraps around your ear.The cable is still better than most of what I've used at this price point but it wasn't all I was lead to believe it would be.  It's great that you can replace them yourself but when the cable costs 40% (it used to be more) of the earphone's original price, it's no longer a big feature.  I can imagine SE535 owners shelling out the 40 dollars but I don't feel it's worth it for this one.I didn't have many issues with the earpieces themselves although I did crack the housing when removing a stubborn eartip with force.  It did not affect the sound.Sound:Shures generally have an inoffensive sound and the SE215 follows that trend.  It is a bassy headphone but the bass is controlled better than many other popular offerings at this price point, the Beats come to mind.  The bass ends up being the predominant aspect of the SE215's sound but it stops just short of overwhelming the midrange.  The treble is rolled-off which contributes to the inoffensive sound but also kills off any airiness the SE215 might have had.  It does tend to have a "boxed-in" sound which isn't poor but not impressive.  It's not the most energetic earphone but it has enough to keep up with most forms of music.  Detail is not the best on this Shure but it has a smooth, warm presentation that I generally find to be quite pleasing.It won't knock you over with its technical ability but the overall presentation is good.  If you can enjoy your music for $99 then you should have no problem doing it with the SE215.You can easily find better sounding earphones at this price but you will find it a lot harder to find something that can top the SE215 in all the aforementioned areas.  Sonically, it's not a hugely impressive earphone but Shure has created a product that does its job very well.  The SE215 is probably the best earphone I've used on the go and for this price, you can't go wrong.
I'll start by saying I only awarded 4 stars (so far) simply because I literally just took them out of the box, fitted them to my ears, and have them plugged in just to listen to music right now. I have not yet tested them on stage. However, I'm certain they will be successful in isolating sound well. I sat here while the music was streaming into my ears while just holding the volume button on "up" on another (loud) sound source and I could hear absolutely nothing apart from the music already playing through the headphones. I will say I did not prefer the foam ear plugs to the soft flex sleeves. I liked the easy installation the soft flex sleeves offer-and they were just more comfortable for me. To each his own...it's nice to have all the options. Plus it has a handy carrying case! Anyway, back to the headphone quality. I'm going to give them a major thumbs up!! Of course, they're a little heavy in comparison to products by MEElectric or Sony and that of the like. But one should expect that considering how they're made and etc. Do yourself a favor and make the investment if you plan to use them for more than just everyday music listening. I'm glad I did! I'll use them while I sing. If it helps, I also read other reviews where percussionists also recommended these for their own purposes. Enjoy!
This product is simply amazing the neat and clear sound with the bass punch that we the bass player like to feels in monitoring. Noise reduction feature is pretty good eliminating that ambient noise. In summary, I Love It!!
The budget SE115 phones utilize a better dynamic driver, in my opinion at least, than the newer SE215. Shure cheaped out on their new models, and made a worse driver in their SE215 (replacement of the SE115) to save money. Moreover, a lot of people, not just me, on headphone forums agree that the SE115 (and the previous generation of shures, e.g. SE420, SE530) have a much more comfortable fit and seals better, which translates into better sound quality.The SE215 gets 2 stars for looking cool, but the sound quality is nothing without a good fit. Go with the previous generation shures instead (SE115, SE210, SE310, SE420, and my favorite, the SE530/SE530-PTH/E500-PTH).
Warning: If you use these, you will not hear anything outside of your ear buds / music.This is why I absolutely love these ear buds. Work extremely well when you are in a noisy environment and want to hear nothing but your music. The audio quality is better than any other ear bud I have used before. Definitely worth buying.
I play drums in a completely enclosed drum booth. Needless to say, I needed a product that would not let on any sound. These are a great set of phones that do not allow any of the exterior drum and cymbal noise to cut into my monitor mix.It's a little odd to wear this style of headphones ( over the ear style) at first. I find that if I run the cord down my back, this makes the cord run in a more natural style (as opposed to running the cord down your chest).All in all, it's a great product. The one minor complaint is that over time (about 2-3 years) there seems to be an issue with one of the ears cutting in and out. This only happens when the phones are in a very specific position and the cut out is very short.Great product and I will defiantly buy this brand again.
I was speculative on the idea of spending so much money on a pair of headphones. When I received them, I frantically put them on and..It was like I was taken away to a island where I was being treated with a personal concert... all dramatics aside, this is one of the best IEM's I've bought in the seven years I've been sound engineering. Definite plus on the construction, especially the mold-able ear loop stress reliefs.
I love these so much. When I have them in I seriously cannot hear any outside noise and I love that. The quality is superb and I recommend buying these.
I love the sound quality of these earphones but they take a while to mould around your ear for the perfect fit.
10x better than those crappy Bose MIE2 and for less.Feels durable and extremely comfortable in your ear.  Sound is fantastic, clear, and full of bass!
Now, I'll start by saying I'm not an audio-phile. I purchased these after doing research into in ear headphones that are both comfortable and sound good. I can honestly say that I am impressed. I ended up using the foam tips, as they seem to provide a better sound range than the silicone tips. I work in front of a computer all day and I was surprised how I can wear these for 4 hours straight and never have it irritate or hurt my ears.They sound really well for me. I am a bit surprised because I wrote off in ear headphones as always not sounding very good. I'm pleasantly surprised with these.My one con: the sizing on the foam tips included are a little odd. the smallest is slightly smaller than the middle and it is a slightly different shape. The large is a big jump in size from the middle. One of my ears works great for the middle size, and the other makes the middle size feel small. So I don't get a good fit with the middle size. The large size is almost too big for that ear. I use the large size, but it always feels a little odd when I first put them in.I would recommend these for anyone that is looking for good quality in ear headphones and doesn't want to drop 300+ on really nice ones.
I received my ear phones the day I left for my trip and one ear piece does not work.  So I can't rate this properly as it does not workYogini
I've borrowed these from a friend numerous times and they are very good. The highs are not that clear. I enjoyed listening to a piano or violin piece on the S2 much more just because of that simple fact. The only thing I think they excel in that the Philips lack is the bass. However I do acknowledge that Philips were going for a more "natural" sounding IEM. And I didn't particularly like that you have to take the time to prepare the tips and then insert and get the wire over your ear. I understand it's better for running but I just use my IEMs for the train or walking around. I like the traditional insert in with a silicone tip and not really having to go through the hassle. The reason I took the chance to buy the S2 over these was because my friends shure's starting to break up the sound and it's quite common with them. Though be it the problem only occurred after a year. The replaceable wire design seems to be the cause of this sound breaking up (just forum research).
These are by far the best earbuds ( or in ear monitors) i have ever owned.For starts, i am but a mere high school student. I've used everything from the Skullcandy Heavy Metals to the Beats by Dre. However, i decided that it was time to stop buying swagged up earphones and get a bit more serious about my music. After several weeks of doing my homework, it came down to a couple of choices.A.) Klipsch s4iB. Bose ie2C.) Etymotic hf5D. Shure se215Well, i ended up buying every pair here up until they all eventually failed me, leaving me with nothing but the shure se215. I do not regret purchasing these other earphones as they were all amazing in their own way, however, the pair that eventually worked for me was the shure se215. They are a good mix of all these pairs of earphones and then some. They arent quite as elegant as the etymotics, not quite as comfortable as the bose, and lacking just a little bass when compared to the klipsch. But, this pair is like a jack of all trades with a completely removable cable that never tangles. Unfortunately, they also broke. I was like OH NO, are their no earphones that will  never fail me. However, despite the fact that i did not buy them directly from the website, shure gladly replaced my broken buds, free of charge. It seems that perhaps it wasnt the perfect headphones i was searching for, but the perfect company.
Great quality, beautiful range, and once broken in after a few days, very comfortable. If you're looking for good quality headphones with a great sound for fairly cheap, these are great. Also, great for playing video games
I am by no means an audiophile - but these really don't score well in any category.  They arrived damaged (tips were crunched beyond repair), and even after replacing them it does not compare to the competition.Comfort- The eartips (foam and otherwise) are a nice inclusion, and they fit well and form a near-perfect seal.  However, doing so takes about 15-30s.  Each pod is way too large to fit snugly in the ear, and they are way too heavy to wear while walking/jogging really anything else (my headphones did better in this category).  In order to support the earpods, a moldable wire is attached to each, however I found the wire to be too moldable to really provide any support, while the constant adjustment between each use was a drag.  Removing each tip was near impossible, and a definite design flaw.Sound-  These are not overwhelming in the sound department.  Bass is flat (not "balanced") and creates awkward "resonant noises" even at low volumes.  Noise isolation is solid with the foam tips, and mediocre with the silicone ones, (although that is to be expected).Style- These are pretty much the ugliest things you can get.  You will look like you have a hearing aid (with the wire running over your ear).Design- While the "detachable" earpods are supposedly a bonus, the weak connection left them falling out all the time.  The overall device is made from a cheap plastic, that seemed neither sturdy or durable.  The included case was also a downer, as it had no rigid structure to protect the $100 investment.  These are by no means "life proof"... at least not for a person expecting "ear buds".Overall-These are not great IEMs for real life.  Go buy yourself a pair of X10s
I purchased these to use as my monitors for the cover band I play in.  The sound is great when you get the right tips on the ear buds, plenty of bass and I'm a bass player so that was important.  The price was certainly right on this product for what you get.  If I had to say one thing negative about them is they don't fit perfectly, but I didn't purchase custom fit buds so there ya go.All in all a great product I would recommend to any musician looking for affordable in-ear monitors.
I am a drummer at my church, so I primarily use these as in-ear monitors for a live music performance application.  The buds are designed for maximum isolation from outside noise (great for drummers!), which helps preserve the bass frequencies.  These are fantastic, especially for the price.  I've owned and demo'd earbuds costing 2-3 times as much that didn't sound as good as these.  I was especially pleased with the bass response; I can't understand how a single-driver earbud has this nice of a range.  I ordered the clear ones, which don't stand out as much visually (a good thing!) Music from my iPod sounds great too; they handle a variety of musical styles very well.  Easily the best earbuds I've used at this price; I would reccommend these to anyone, especially musicians.
These earphones are alone in their class for the price. They compete with earphones that cost $300-$400. BUY THEM! Could not be more satisfied
Two years ago, my Shure E2C IEMs finally gave up on me.  I really liked those.  At the time, they were the best I could find for the price.  Since then, I have tried several sets, such as Monster Turbine, Polk 6000, Bose IE2, and a couple others.  Of the group, i surprisingly liked the Monsters the best for their audio, although the ear pieces were heavy.  That pair finally broke a few months back, and I have been searching for a new set, trying to stay @ or below $100.  After trying out a couple models, and reading a lot of reviews, I decided to come back to Shure.  As soon as I put these on, my first thought was, "Why did I ever leave Shure?".Shure has a whole line if IEMs, and these are the entry level for them.  But entry level for Shure is way better than many others.PROS:Full range audio -  with natural sound that appeals to all the music I enjoy (which is an eclectic mix of pretty much anything)The fit...oh the fit - I personally like the foam tips that you squeeze, insert, and let fill your ear canal.  They seal perfect, and stay in.The over the ear design of the cables -  These wrap around behind your ears to provide a more secure and comfortable fit.  The old E2Cs were this way, and I had missed it.  This generation is actually nicer in that you can conform the over ear portion to hold in place better.CONS:I wouldn't mind a lower price :)Um, well, I'll let you know when I find another one.
Recently my Monster Turbines kicked the bucket so I was in the market for a new set of Ear buds for around $100. After researching for days I found that these made allot of lists for best headphones for about $100  so I decided give them a try. Initially I struggled getting them in my ear, the cable goes over the front of your ear and down behind it, and way they fit into your ear was a foreign to me at first. Maybe I was tired; maybe I had one too many beers, but had to Google some images to figure it out! Finally, I got them in my ears and cables situated, and I will say that they are perfectly comfortable. I wear them at work and they do a great job of noise isolation, so much so that I have to take them out when someone needs to speak with me. Compared to my old Turbines which had just your standard ear bud fit, these don’t easily pop out and back in, it takes 15-20 seconds to get them on and situated. I know that’s a small complaint, but when you have to do it often, it can be cumbersome.  Finally my last complaint is the jack that plugs into your MP3 player is fat and doesn’t play well with cases. I have to take my I phone case off in order to plug it in. Now, on with the good; I was not sure if I liked them initially as they had much more bottom heavy sound, the Turbines were much brighter. After some time I realized the sound stage is just different and they grew on me. Listening to music, I heard elements I never knew existed in some of my favorite songs! They sound great! I would definitely recommend them if you’re in the market for a set of IEM’s and have a $100 budget.Pros:• Removable cable can be replaced with one that controls your I phone• Great sounding for the price• Noise Isolation• Multiple Tips to customize fitCons:• May be too Bass heavy for some• Very different fit then a standard ear bud• Plug to fat to work with most cases
As other reviewers have said, the sound quality of these in ear monitors is very impressive. I will not get technical and break down the frequency response curve and such since others have already done so. I will simply say that to me they sound great. the only problem for me is that the outer part of my ears where the body of the iem sits is on the small side, so they do become uncomfortable for me to ware for long periods. But oh the do sound so good.
I've been a Shure customer for nearly 6 years or so  starting with a pair of E3cs. They were astounding and showed me what I was missing using cheaper headphones. After some time, when the warranty ended, I thought it was time to upgrade to the SE 310s. These were also amazing with even more crispness and clarity in sound. The 310s, however, we're not very durable...the rubber casing around the buds eventually came off. Shure sent a replacement and I had the same problem within a year. So, then I saw what Shure did with their new models. The concept of trading out wires instead of replacing the whole pair was amazing to me and became the obvious economical choice.I honestly was afraid that these would be a downgrade in the sound department compared to what I previously owned, but was I wrong. In a back to back comparison between these and my 310s, I feel that these have an overall better soundscape. The 310s were incredibly crisp on both the mids and highs, but a bit lacking in the bass, not too bad as I primarily is ten to classical music. These, even though a bit less crisp, had a touch more oomph in the bass which results in a much better balanced  and rich sound across all genres. These buds particularly excel with electronic music with Royksopp, Animaal Kingdom, and Foster the People as examples.Overall, these headphones are exactly what I wanted: something a bit more durable than my last two pairs, is a little better suited to make every genre sound great, and has wires that stay put behind my ears. My only beef has to do with the plug unit. My 310s were clearly designed with mobile devices in mind, fitting every case with ease. Why they went back to a traditional, pre-mobile device plug is beyond me and a major headache when it comes to looking for a case for my devices. I had to file away some of my ipad mini case so the plug would fit. This is why I rated it 4-stars. If Shure can fix this with new wires, I'll be a happy man.Finally, Shure is my go to because of the great experience I've had with warranty claims. Anytime I've had a pair start to deteriorate, Shure has replaced my headphones at no charge and without question. I simply ship my worn out pair with proof of purchase and warranty forms to them and within a couple weeks have a new pair in the mail. The couple times I've called to make a claim, they've been friendly and helpful.
I use to use really cheap earphones...and someone convinced me to try Shures after my most recent earphones died on me. The sound is great...and i have a feeling i won't have to replace them for a while.
Brand new. Un-boxed. Plugged in. Noticed the left side cutting out after only 10 minutes. Pitiful, PITIFUL quality assurance by Shure! These should have NEVER passed inspection (if they even inspect in the first place). Other than that, they sound "okay".
It's nice to hear good staging and clear mids from earphones in this price range. The bass is present, fully represented without exaggeration. I can hear reverb and vocal nuances I have been missing with cheaper headsets. I wanted a clear and neutral sound, and that's what I got.A few notes for smartphone users, the jack is right-angled, and very thick. As a result, it would not plug into my phone with the TPU case on. I fixed this by using a x-acto knife to open the hole in the case a bit. If you buy the android/ios headset accessory with mic/buttons, be aware that the cable provided is not as good as the original, and won't wrap behind the ears easily.
I'm sure mines came defective as I can hear static when listening, but I also noticed the earphones have great background sound but the singer's voice sounds far and hollow. Not worth $100 My Image S4 earphones sound better and they're only $40.
It's disappointing because these are advertised as providing 37 dB of isolation, assuming a good fit using their foam earplug-like attachment. Here's my thoughts:1. The shape is odd and clumsy, like sticking a yo yo in your ear.2. The cord is long enough to skip rope with.3. You need small hands and a death grip to remove the tips.4. My over-the-ear, non-isolating Sennheiser's have better sound isolation.5. Removing these and re-inserting takes time, so using these in the average workplace is out of the question.As a basic test, take a cheap pair of store-bought earplugs, which typically provide 29-32 dB of isolation, and find a spot with some amount of background noise (low-volume television, etc...). With isolation this good, you should see someone's lips moving when they speak at normal volume, but you shouldn't hear even a whisper. These headphones don't even remotely come close to 37 dB of isolation. I'm assuming they used some sort of test device with inflatable ears to make this claim.
10x better than those crappy Bose MIE2 and for less.Feels durable and extremely comfortable in your ear.  Sound is fantastic, clear, and full of bass!
Shure still provides a good quality product...priced right tooOlder models have more bud adaptors and kit is included also.
Pros:  very good sound isolation.  Actually considering using when I go trap shooting.  Equally as good as the earplugs I usually use.Was looking forward to using them on my next long flight if they hadn't stopped working.Cons:- A bit awkward to put on.  Takes a bit getting used to.- Right bud stopped working after very light use (only at my desk at work) for 3 months.  I know it's the bud not the wire because I swapped the buds and the left one worked on the right wire.They should still be under warranty but I got them as part of a prize package at work so I don't have the purchase receipt required to get warranty service.  I'm just glad I didn't have to pay all the $$ for these.  I would be TERRIBLY DISAPPOINTED.If you buy these KEEP YOUR RECEIPT.  You WILL need it WHEN (not if) you have to send it in for repair.
The sound on these monitors is great (after breaking them in of course).The real reason for the review is Shure's great service.  One of my earbuds inexplicably went out.  I cleaned them with the tool provided to no avail, so I decided to send them back to Shure.  They received the earbuds on a Friday night (confirmed via email) and by Tuesday I had a replacement pair from them.  Great service.  Very fast.  They clearly are standing by their product.  Great company.  Highly recommended.
Read some online reviews about these headphones and I decided to take a chance.  So I added them to my Christmas Wish List and my wife got them for me.  All I can say is WOW!!!!.  There is a learning curve on how to get them to properly fit in your ear, but once you get "it" and are able to feel the proper fit, it's very easy.  They are very comfortable and the sound is INCREDIBLE. I had a pair of Denon, which I loved, but the wire sheath where they attached to the earphone kept pulling apart. And while they still work today, I was always concerned that one false move and a wire would get broken.  My next pair was a pair of SkullCandy Titan. At first I liked them, but very quickly they became uncomfortable to wear for long periods. But with the Shure SE215-K are simply the best I have owned.  The sound is clear and defined, and are very efficient.  They are not too bassy, but not to tinny either. They are very balanced and sharp and defined. I would highly recommend these if you are in the market for a new pair of headphones.
I have had five SHURE in-ear headphones over 5 years. The SE215 will be my last.  Each one has had a similar problem - with the connector dieing and losing sound to one of the ear buds, usually the left.  The sound, feel and fit are great.  But I can not recommend them on durability.  All my SHURE have lasted approximately a year.  So bear in mind when you buy them - if 1 year is OK for the price, I can recommend them.  If not, then look elsewhere.  Thus the 3 stars instead of 1.
I have small ears so finding a really good pair of earbuds that fits my ears is not easy so I was very happy with these.  They fit into the cavity of my small ears and the wires are bendable and stiff so they keep their shape.  This means that I can basically fit the main part into the cavity of my small ears and mold the stiff wires over my ears to keep everything in place.  Fantastic.  The sound is also really excellent.  I love that the wires are changeable as I've had Sony and two Sennheiser's before and each lasted about 2 years with the wires being the weakest link.  With these, if the wires go, you can just buy new wires and screw them in.It lost 1 star because mainly for the instructions of putting them into your ears.  It's a bit tricky to put in at first and it seems to be getting easier with time but it's been a few months and I still find myself fumbling.  If the instructions were better I'd know if it's my method that's totally wrong or if it really just takes time.
The sound is excellent, I couldn't ask for anything better in a pair of ear buds.The draw back is that it is a nuisance to put in your ear.
Sound quality is very good. They seem a little more bass heavy than the SE210's they are replacing, but have a relatively balanced response. These definitely sound better than any $10-20 headphones I've ever heard. The wireform near the earphones helps provide a secure fit even during exercise. It takes a little getting used to the over-the-ear fit if it's something you aren't used to, but are fine once you get used to it. The variety of eartips help ensure you get a good fit and do a good job of blocking out sound. The cable seems to be relatively heavy-duty while still flexible. There is some cable noise, but is far from a problem. The replaceable cable is an interesting (and I believe good) idea, but is kind of difficult to get the cable properly snapped into the earphones. Thankfully this is something that you will probably rarely do. Overall I would recommend these earphones if you are looking for something in this price range.
The sound quality is a bit disappointing.  It lacks clarity.  In addition, there is also cable noise when it it touched which is annoying.  For about the same price, you can get a much better sound from headphones such as Audio Technica's M50.On the other hand, the noise isolation and build quality seem good.
Stopped working after 6 months of light use. Now the left ear will stop playing music intermittently but come back on if I jiggle the headphones around a little. Annoying for such an expensive product.
Every musician should have one of these, now i can hear everything in a very peaceful way when im playing live, they have great bass response and high end too, they look very durable, and the detachable cable its an awesome feature.
they are designed for syncing on the stage while you are singing, they have horrible sound quality and are extremely uncomfortablethey do not have bass as they are not designed for it, they have faint beat if you max out your low frequencies in the EQdo not buy this type of earphones, iPhone earphones are amazing, so are BOSE, those are designed for music and movies, nothing else
Significantly worse sound quality than my old SE210s, which are still working great after 5 years. I bought a pair of these for a friend and decided to get myself a set to make sure they were good. Sound is very muddy, the highs are not very clear, and the bass is exaggerated. I would compare these to iphone earbuds before comparing them to my old SE210s. I guess the build quality is better than my old headphones, but I bought these for sound...The new cable is neat but these take ages to put in ear compared to my old SE210s with the ordinary plastic cable. It's a pain to get these seated then wiggle them around and possibly unseat them while trying to put the formed cable over your ear. It also has a terrible connector that will not pass through an iphone case.
Very nice headphone, good noise canceling. only complaint is how long it takes to put them on. ones you are locked in you are in a different reality though. overall a good headphone for the price and i would recommend them
They sound good and definitely isolate. Putting them in takes some getting used to. I don't use them daily, so it's not second nature yet. Singing on stage, I've been mostly using only one, which worked great in that particular setting.
This is the first product I've felt the need to write a review about so here goes:I have a lot of headphones..Panasonic  in earBeats by dre in earThe new Polk nue voe in ears(consumers choice)Monster Jamz in earAKG over ear semi openKlipshe over ear closedAnd these.The Shure SE215s are my favorite by far. They aren't the easiest to put on. They aren't the most convenient either.  What they offer is pure performance. Sex for the ears.  The first time I got these to fit and turned them up, I got almost teary-eyed. Chills. I clearly had been missing something.$100. They out perform all 6 of my other headphones. All of which are valued above $100. Extremely impressive noise canceling. You've probably read other reviews say the same. DONT buy these for riding your bike/motorcycle etc on public roads. You will not hear anything but music. I'm not sure if you'd even hear a car horn to be honest. So take it on the plane, to the gym, at home, at work or wherever else you don't need to hear anything else.The clarity is outstanding. Precise highs and rich, accurate lows. Mids aren't the best of my bunch, but I'd say they're pretty good overall. The cord i believe is made of Kevlar. It doesn't behave like other cords you've had. That coupled with the 'around the ear' design keep it from getting in the way at the gym or flailing around while running. It will also never tangle. Never. It's not so great because you can't crumple them up into a ball like I know some of you do when you put them away.  I've lost a few headphones to the cord breaking, so I know why they reinforced these so much. I welcome their heavy dutiness, but that's not to say you'll find them as convenient. I don't know why there's no volume control. It doesn't bother me too much, because I have to take them off to talk to someone anyways.(again, you won't hear much with them on). The overall max volume of these are on the good side compared to other $200 sets. I've heard a tiny bit of over modulation but only at max volume which I never need to use. I've also noticed the sound can cut out if the jack isn't seated properly. This is rare, but annoying.Overall, well, I've told friends that this is my favorite worldly possession. I guess that should tell you something too. $100 is a steal for this kind of audio.
I was looking for earphones to listen to sleep sounds at night.  All others I tried were too bulky or poorly constructed.  I had the westone um-1 earphones and they were okay but the right ear stopped working.  These shure's are durable, non-instrusive and sound great.  I love that the cord breaksaway so I have no fear of choking myself at night. Definetly recommend these if your need some to use for sleeping.
My old E5c's finally died on me after many years of service (wires got caught on one too many weight machines)...I loved the way they sounded and fitted, so I went with these...They have blown me away.  They sound just as good, with even more bass.  I don't know how Shure does it.  I paid around $350 for my E5c's back in the day...These are a 100% steal.I'm sure someone has mentioned it already, but I highly recommend you CAREFULLY remove the plastic sheath and metal rod where the wire meets the earbud.  So much easier to maneuver the wire around your ear.Thank you Shure!
I will admit to being a Shure fan.  I have owned a pair of their SCL4 earphones that I have always loved.  Well, those became misplaced, so I set out to purchase new ones.I debated about getting the SE215 VS the SE315 vs the much more expensive SE425's and decided to go with the less expensive SE215's based on their reveiws here and at other locations.The earphones come with a set of the medium squishy foam inserts pre-installed.  This was my only issue with this unit - the foam inserts had become welded onto the earpiece and I was using enough force to remove them that I was concerned for breaking my brand new earphones before even getting to use them.  A quick trip to the Shure FAQ online and I found that if you can wedge your fingernail under the white plastic portion, you can pry them off.  Shure also has some instructions for freezing the units (!!) to facilitate removal of the ear insert.Once I finally got the correct sized inserts for me installed, I was finally able to listen to them.  I mainly listen to pop/rock music and on occasion some classical.  For pop/rock, these things are wonderful - tons of detail. I hadn't noticed that in the song "Best Day of my Life" that you can hear them counting in during one of the rests.  Or all the atmospheric effects at the beginning of "Kings and Queens".  I love being able to hear all those details.  The bass levels are very nice - crisp and not too "boomy".  With a good ear seal, I am plenty happy with the sound of these earphones.For classical music, they are good, but probably not quite as nice as for pop/rock music.  Now, it might be the quality of my recordings, (orchestra recordings aren't always the greatest), but it doesn't seem to pick out the details that I want to hear when I am listening to classical with them.  If you mainly listen to classical, then you might look at the more expensive units Shure sells.  It is possible however that I am overly picky, as I do play in an orchestra so I am used to listening to orchestras from the "inside" so to speak.The connection to the removable cord seems very high quality.  It is fairly simple to snap them in and out and the connection feels very solid.  The cord is very long and very flexible, which is nice.  The earpieces have a small section of bendable plastic right at the driver area, so that you can curve them around the top of your ears.  Once you get the plastic formed for your ears, they just pop right in, very easily.  I remember always having to fiddle with my old SCL4's and these go in much faster and seem much more comfortable.For the price, these things are a steal.  I wish I could do a direct comparison between these and my now lost SCL4's, but I am pleased as punch with the quality of these and I don't miss my old SCL4's at all.
Bought these headphones for $100 LESS THAN 2 months ago, the left earbud is entirely gone... dead.  no sound.Amazon will not replace them NOR refund, not even a partial refund cause I'm over 30 days.I've been buying Shure headphones for probably the past ten years, these may be my last pair .. has happened with a few one them - lost sound entirely. but never this FAST.Very annoyed by Amazon's lack of sympathy in this situation where they sold a crap product and will do nothing about it.
These paired with a high quality mp3 player, gives you ear candy. Despite being small in-ears they pack a lot of good sound and some bass. Great buy. :)
Great headphones, I love to use them to rehearse using triggers on my drumset.Finally I can hear my drumming with almost no noise from the other instruments!
not for the average consumer. im sure it sounds great to audiophiles but it was average to me, not to mention that the fit is unusual
Great product. Work like a champ as Shure stated. Heavy duty and no issues whatsoever. Shure the only serious choice!
Bought these to replace a pair of SE310's I left on a plane. Sound quality is excellent, exactly what I expect from shure-clear notes and balanced sound. The multiple included eartips makes it easy to find the ones that work best for your ears. The external body of the headphones is larger than it appears, slightly uncomfortable for me, but maybe I'll get used to it in time. It is flat, so it doesn't hurt your ear if your head is laying against a pillow or airplane seat. If the external body of the headphones was slightly smaller, I'd give this product 5 stars.
Best earphones under 200$Pros: Superb Clarity, Perfect Bass, Good Isolation, High Quality Construction and Replaceable CablesCons: Not Highly Comfortable (3.5/5)
Best sounding, best noise cancellation, most comfortable earbuds on the market period.  They sound so rich and full when properly placed in the ear.  I've been through every brand except Bose and nothing compares.
I use earbuds pretty much only when I cut my lawn.  I've been using a pair of jvc in ear buds I bought from wal-mart $20 for years.  My wife gave me these shure se-215 noise cancelling earbuds for christmas and I was excited until I used them.  The sound was inferior to my cheap jvc earbuds.  The highs were way less clear and defined and the bass was non-existant even with the largest foam earbuds they provided with the unit.  On top of if all, the plug didn't fit it my phone with any of the 4 cases I have and they are minimalist cases.  So every time I used these earbuds with my phone I would have to take the case off.  I kept trying to like these because my wife paid so much for them but I just kept going back to my old faithful jvc cheapies.  The final straw was when I left my jvc earbuds at work and I had to use these.  I dropped my phone from maybe 2 feet while using these, no case because of the stupid plug design, and cracked my screen.  I've dropp3d my phone several times before with no issue with the case.  I threw them in the garbage because I was tired of trying to like trash because my wife paid waaaayyy to much for this junk.
Very quickly, the sound is great but the ear buds are very difficult to insert.  Despite a couple weeks of effort, they still take quite a bit of time to get the wires just right that they can be inserted.
I have owned 4 pairs of SHURE headphones.  All of them were the 215 variety.  Every pair has had one of the speakers stop working.  This occurs gradually, first the splitter become shorted and you have to press it to get it to work, next the whole side is dead.  I do not recommend this product.  I usually got about 9 months from them, 100.00 for 9 months of life is not acceptable.  If you have looked on their website to send these in costs about as much as a new set.
I'm used to owning cheap $40 earphones so this one required a bit of diving into the pockets, but it's worth it. For the price, the sound quality is unparalleled. I literally cannot hear a thing when I am listening to music. I also use it on stage as I play in a band and the bass packs a good punch. Considering it even has a two year warranty, I consider it one of the best investments that can be made.
Needed some good headphones for drumming and practice.They have great isolation depending on the ear foam you use.And my ears are no longer ringing when i'm done with my gigs.Quality is great!
For the price, very clear sound with decent bass but a little uncomfortable for extended listening... a little bit of a hassle to initially fit
I bought these headphones so that I could wear them while riding my motorcycle. They do a great job of fitting in your ear so the helmet still fits comfortably and the sound truly is far superior and more isolated than with any other headphone I tried so far. The only reason I did not give this item a 5 star is because they aren't very practicle in any situation where you might want to take them out and put them back in more often. An example of this would be at the gym. They are just too much of a hassle to put in your ear properly for that and the cord is too rigid.
Upgraded from the Klipsch S4 earphones which got a short in the cord.  I was attracted to these because of their reputation but also because of the replaceable cords--which is very nice for this price range.The earphones are a little heavier than the S4 but fit very nicely and block out sound MUCH better (I'd say at least 1/3 more sound is blocked out).  Due to the wrapping over the ear, the Shure don't get too heavy.  I was immediately impressed with the better sound quality and bass (and this is even before breaking in the speaker).  Used Phil Collins "In the air tonight" as the initial test and really sounded great!Key to these is getting the right fitting ear cushions.  After that, just enjoy the music!
After 2 months of moderate use the right ear piece went dead.when working the sound was solid.the noise cancelation was also pretty good.however, a refund through amazon hits you up for a $20 restocking fee.bogus.not worth the gamble.
not easy to use it , needs to get the hang of it. but its really good at isolating outside noise . eg: metro ride , bus ride.) but that can be dangerous when you drive as u dont hear no s*** at all.
Well, I didn't want to go back to sennheiser cx300ii even if I liked them very much I wanted a change so I did a research and found the Shure se215 :Pros - contraction is great & the looks of them is beautiful (clear,can see the inside)Sound of mid range preforms very very goodCables can be replace or upgradeMusic and you only ! Complete insulationGreat sound for: Dance, trance and electronic music!  A Great bass preform for such a style of musicHighs are great as wellCons -Bass sometimes feel muddy (mostly in heavy metal music)Soundstage too wide sometimesTo put them in your ears can be quite a hard taskPrice is too high ( my personal If some will ask me, i would buy them again or might go even for the highest model the se535
I'm a drummer who needs in-ear monitoring for live and studio situations. I'd been using Vic Firth Isolation Headphones which I think are good, BUT I've always wanted something smaller and lightweight for using live and not look like Princess Leia. I was in doubt at first beacuse I thought "how much sound isolation will I get with just in-ear earphones?".. and the result was amazing!.. I'm pretty sure this Shure in-ear headphones isolate more external sound than my Vic Firth Headphones (which might be bad for some)... but for me it was perfect. I wouldn't comment on sound quality, which I think is good, but I've never tried those more expensive earphone models with more sound drivers and stuff. Oh, and I think the price is decent for what you get.
Not as much bass as I'm used to, but then again, it is due to the well balanced frequency response. Highs are very easily discernible and overall less muddled then comparably priced units. I do wish it had more bass though.
I've had this product for about 6 months and the performance has been consistent throughoutI also own a pair of bose mie2i earphones, and in my opinion the shure 215's have more acoustic meritProsgood sound isolationvery good sound quality: very solid bass that balances well with treble;with noise isolation it creates a well-rounded listening experienceappears as in picture- people will notice the unconventional designearbud covers come in several sizes and in foam earplug-like material (for better sound isolation) as well as conventional rubberConsalthough the cord is extremely thick and resilient, the detaching mechanism, despite the good intentionsof giving you the capability of replacing faulty wires without having to replace the drivers, seems fairly temperamental.After about 5 months of regular but cautious use, I noticed in the middle of listening to something the right driver had ceased to functionHowever, after fiddling with it slightly, the sound came back on. After further inspection and several other occurrences, I think the problemhas to do with the connection between driver and cord because it starts working again when I rotate the driver around the socket a certain wayOnce this issue presented itself, I started using them only at home so as to avoid further stressing the connection.The reason I'm writing this review half a year after purchase is because I just picked them up after several weeks of not using them,and the acoustic difference between shure and bose has struck me so much I decided to write this
I have used the Bose in ear headphones and liked these better.  The fit is a little different and takes getting used to, but overall a great set of headphones.
love these headphones for their quality and durability. i definitely recommend these as the minimum to any appreciator of fine sounding music.
The primary reason I purchased these was because of good reviews of their noise-isolation. I must agree- these are by far the most noise-isolating earbuds I have ever worn. Noise levels of these are significantly less than my noise-canceling ear buds!The second reason I purchased these was because of good reviews of their comfort. They have a small profile that fits within the external ear, meaning that I can lie down with my head against a pillow and experience no discomfort. I am not aware of any other earbuds on the market that share this characteristic.I was delightfully surprised by the excellent build-quality of these earbuds. Although these are in mid-tier price range (currently $99), they have the build quality of higher-tier earbuds that normally go for $200-$300.I highly recommend these. They are great for studying and falling asleep in a noisy environment.
I haven't really used them yet for the intent of stage monitors, but when listening with my laptop music, they are really nice.  Takes a little adjustment to get them just right in your ear, but overall, seems like high quality at an affordable price.
The sound quality is of a $30 dollars headphones - there's not other way to put it! They are weird shaped and it takes time to getting used to. I am not a big fan of the loops over ears.It's just too much skin contact to feel like you wearing ear-buds.The wires are felt on your neck and this is the way it was designed too..The wires are too thick and not flexible enough. The product is made in China- I can tell it affects quality.Sound isolation is good - that's the only positive, but it blocks all sound. Sometimes on a airplane I want to heart when a food cart is behind me but not the constant engine noise.I am thinking about returning them as they are just not worth the price.
These truly live up to the Shure name - excellent sound, excellent isolation, balanced sound , truly thumpy bass, excellent cable build, little/no microphonics, superb and sturdy connectors.Since i said thumpy bass, let me clarify, this is an overall performer at all bands - low to high, though much better at handling low frequency than highs, having said that it will produce clear highs and mids and one shouldn't notice.I listen to a wide range of music : from blues to progressive metal, classic rock, electronic minimal, psybient and some hip hop. In none of the genres i felt these earphones did a less than admirable job ( obviously the source should be either lossless or 320kbps bitrate files) . One of the winners is the excellent isolation it will give you, its almost soundproof and you wont hear any external sounds when they are on ( comes with a ear buds of various sizes and shapes, foam and silicon)The only hitch may be encountered while getting used to them, they go over the ears and that may take some time to get used to but hey, you better do if you want aural pleasure.Highly recommended to any audiophile who takes their music seriously.
These are great earphones for such a great price. I'm a huge fan of Shure. As a bassist myself I appreciate the deep and clear sound of the bass that these earphones give me. It has a nice response to treble too. It also looks really cool.
Just got these headphones in.  Sound quality is amazing.  The cord is very solid, it's not like your average headphones with the cheap wiring.  The wire is actually covered by a tough and sturdy material so it seems pretty hard to actually separate the wire from the buds.  The only downside to this product is putting it in your ear.  I had a hard time putting these into my ear because I was not familiar with structure of the earbuds.  It takes some time to get use to it. My only tip is to shape the wire around your ear before placing the buds into your ear canal.  Once I got the earbuds in, the fit was fine.  I can barley hear anything after they have been placed in properly.Overall the quality of the product and the sound quality of the earbuds are excellent.  I would recommend these to anyone who is looking for high end earbuds.
I like it and It sound good but not so comfortable for the wearing. Hope it better after burn in.
Great single driver inner ear monitors. I use them for riding and working out. This is my third pair of shures and I will keep on collecting them as needed.My other two pair are the se210 and se310. My se210 were chewed up by my new pup, so the se215 are replacing them. The se310 are for long trips, studying, and work projects.Sound quality is excellent for the price and the replaceable cables will be an awesome plus if I leave my iem's out on the coffee table again.
( I listen to different styles, but most of the time - black metal, death, doom, goth and industrial.  )SE215-K are Amazing little earphones!!!  After burn-in the sound quality is getting close to my $400 Denon D2000s.  A little less bass  (but still enough), but SE215-K have more natural (realistic) sound. SE215-K don't need to be amp'ed, I didn't hear any difference.  They need to be deep in ears to get sufficient sound isolation (up to -26 db) and great bass. Carrying case is nice and useful! They look very good (in ears and in hands :) )  Big plus that they give me less sound pressure on my ears than D2000s do.I would recommend these earphones to everyone, unless you have a budget to get 535s, UE reference monitors or sennheiser IE800 :)comfort: 4.5 starssound quality: 5 starsnoise isolation: 4.8 starsvalue: 5 stars
This was my third pair of Shure's, and the first that I've had any trouble wearing. They're much bigger than the SE115s I am trying to replace, the stiff cord around the ears near is annoying, but the real problem was the size and shape of the ear buds vs the size and shape of my ears. Without proper positioning, you don't get good sound, but putting them in that position was painful. They did sound good, but I am not going to endure any kind of pain just to listen to my iPod. Bring Back The SE115s!!
I've been playing professionally for about 10 years, and touring for 5 of those years.  This is my 3rd set of professional in-ear monitors.  I have previously owned a set of Customer molded LiveWires and Westone UM-2's with detachable molds.  To be completely honest, the sound quality, clarity, fit, and finish of the Shure SE215's are AS GOOD, if not BETTER THAN both sets of custom buds I had in the past.  I highly recommend these to any professional musician, or music enthusiast looking for a very reliable set of in-ears.
This is my 4th or 5th pair of Shure earbuds. I've been a nightclub dj for almost 2 decades, so I've been through a LOT of headphones. I don't use earbuds for gigs, but do wear them daily in the office & doing yardwork, exercise, etc.I originally purchased the Shure E2c Sound Isolating Earphones in 2010 & the dealer kept having to replace them, due to the cabling cracking where it fits around the ear, causing the sound to go out. They kept phasing out models & sending me the "latest & greatest" models, which is how I ended up with these. In all cases, Shure's customer service has been stellar, swapping the previous versions out quickly with no questions asked. I did have to pay for this set, b/c it had been about 8 months out of warranty finally, but they gave me a reduced price on them.The SE215-CL's sound great so far! As good as any high quality dj phones I've used. Seems the bass is a little chunkier on these & it appears they attempted to remedy the faulty cable issue on my last 4 pair by putting a little rubber casing around the cord & making it detachable, but I still see a lot of reviews citing similar issues as before... at least their customer service has been stellar to date, so if they go out again... I would imagine they'll swap them out no questions asked.Fingers crossed these last a while!
These sound great but they don't fit that well, which reduces their noise suppressing feature. And they are incredibly hard to put on. If I'm wrong about that, I'd love to know... please comment and tell me what you do to decipher which way they go every time you put them on. There is so much swivel and reorientation going on, it's hard to figure out how to wear them. It takes a couple minutes to put them on each time.Once on, they stay on pretty well, because of the over-the-ear wire option.The other thing I'm dissatisfied about here is that Amazon misstates the MSRP as being higher than it is, and they thereby claim that these things have a bigger discount than they really do. The true discount is very small.
High End-ish, that is. Had them for about four months.Sound quality is so much better than Skull Candys, Apple earphones/"earpods" (or whatever they're called), those cheap earphones you get at 5below or Walmart... I can't go back to those after using these because they sound just terrible.I appreciate that it comes with a carrying case and has all the different sizes buds. They stay in my ears much better than Skull Candy earphones, though I've always thought those were a joke anyway. BUT, they do still fall out sometimes. Seal is good, and I'm using the correct size buds (I think) but they just do. Only reason they lost a star for me is because of that.
For someone who typically has issues with the fit of in ear headphones, Shure has been the best for my money yet. I had the older model which fit great and was concerned buying these since they changed the style slightly but was pleasantly surprised. Also, for those not wanting to pay the extra $ for noise cancellation, even playing these at low volumes drowns out almost all background noise.
One ear never worked properly, and the seller would not RMA them. They told me i had to go through Shure which takes forever. My guitarist is on his 3rd pair, finally got one that doesn't sound horrible. Sad but true.After 3 painful returns with Shure, i finally have a pair that work so upping from 1 star to 3 stars. They sound great when they work. Just wish i wasnt worried everytime i put them on that they werent going to.
I am an audiophile and I should say that this earpiece met my expectations as far as sound. I will keep this short and give the pro's and con'sPro's:- Very good balanced sound. I compared it to my Klipsch S4i II which has a very good review by cnet as well as other sites. I must say that the sound quality of SE 215 surpassed it when it came to clarity and the well roundedness of the sound. One of the best when it comes to sound quality in this price range.- One of the sturdiest earphones that you will find. It's built like a tank compared to most others in this price range.- The detachable wires are great. You can replace them without shelling out the bucks for a new one.- Excellent noise cancellation.Cons:- The only issue I had with this, which is not really a bad problem, was the seal on my ear was too tight. While I enjoyed the noise cancellation I couldn't use it for long durations. Considering the fact that it was built mainly for stage performance, it makes sense that the seal is superb and its not streamlined for hours and hours of music.- The chord length can sometime bother people because its built really well and its regid.So!! All in all a 5 star product when it comes to build and sound quality and for the right kind of usage.
I have owned 4 pairs of SHURE headphones.  All of them were the 215 variety.  Every pair has had one of the speakers stop working.  This occurs gradually, first the splitter become shorted and you have to press it to get it to work, next the whole side is dead.  I do not recommend this product.  I usually got about 9 months from them, 100.00 for 9 months of life is not acceptable.  If you have looked on their website to send these in costs about as much as a new set.
Great sound and perfect fit to the ear's shape.The bass are amazing and the noise isolating too.Just great.
Sound quality great as usual but the headphones themselves are awkward to put in ear.  Not sure they are right for me.
Slightly uncomfortable, takes some getting used to.Outstanding sound, little light on the bass but that's mostly due to low quality MP3s
Bought these as a gift for my husband. He LOVES the earphones but hates the plasticky inserts for the ears, If you don't like them either, try using the foam earpieces that come with other brands that are like foam earplugs... As soon as he replaced those, he LOVED the earphones.  He used http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0078JXDRI/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i02?ie=UTF8&psc=1 and they work great.
They arrived on time and are perfect. they stay in my ears and don't fall out. Took a bit of getting used to to put them in.
SOUNDI bought these ear-buds along with one of the Dr. Dre Beats headsets to compare the sound. They were both exactly the same price but the Shure earbuds busted a righteous cap in Dr. Dre's pretentious creation.The rich, creamy sound coming out of these Shure puppies is amazing. It allows for the correct balance between the bass, the mids, and the highs without any distortion at various volume levels. I couldn't believe it! The Beats earbuds had an ounce of more bass to them but the mids and high's had that cheap tin-can sound. People's voices came off flat and isolated in relation to the other sounds and it didn't take long for the off-pitch ringing to hurt my ears. Even when I tested the prescribed bass-heavy Hip-Hop/Rap songs on both earbuds, the Shure's stomped-stomped-stomped the Beats out of the competition. Shure's bass, which is a fraction less than the Beats, was still excellent and provided for the sound that felt truly SURROUND.After I found that Shure's were the one for me, I submitted the Shure earbuds to other tests.NOISE-CANCELLATIONTechnically, these are "sound isolating" earphones and I don't know how that's different from "noise cancellation" but the one thing is true: these earbuds keep the outside noise out and music in. I drove over to my half-deaf grandmother's house just to test this. She likes to get up close and shout all holy-hell about if you'd like to eat. Cue Shure earbuds and stand in shock as grandmother is transformed into David Bowie singing "Ziggy Stardust" and holding a spatula. Crazy. I could only hear the music. But it needed more rigorous testing.I then went to a friends house who keeps a mini-zoo, including guinea pigs. If you've ever heard a guinea pig squeal, you'll remember it forever. "Wheee! Whee! Wheeeee!" I looked those noisy suckers right in the face, holding a carrot and daring them to defy the Shures. A tiny bit of the squeal came though - not even enough to notice unless you were, as I was, looking at them. But that might not be Shure's fault; guinea pigs are hyper-sonic furballs from another planet.FIT-DESIGNYes, the design is initially awkward. Yes, there was a moment when I felt like a lab-monkey, given triangle pegs to put in round holes. Yes, I initiated a contest in my family for who could figure it out the quickest. The current record is 2.75 minutes and one person still can't figure it out; it goes to show there's variation as far as personal adjustment to the design. I was right at 4 minutes the first time I put them in, but after 2 days of use, I can whip these puppies in and out of my ears single-handed and almost as fast as any conventional earbud set. It just takes some getting use to, but if you get frustrated, remember: THE SOUND IS WORTH IT.They do very well at staying put. After my 4 minutes of wrangling, I immediately started bouncing around and trying to dislodge them. In sum: running and jumping will not dislodge them; however, vigorous head-banging and a solid head-blow by a pillow, will.FEATURESNo features except extra-ordinary sound. There is no control function on the earbuds. This was a little off-putting for me. I like being able to answer calls, adjust the volume, skip tracks, etc., directly from the earbuds. Such features are very convenient if you listen to your smartphone. If you listen to a single-function device like a MP3 player, then it might not be a big deal for you. Still, its not that bad. I mean, heaven-on-earth, I have to actually push the buttons on my iphone!YES, GOOD-LOOKS COUNT BUT...The Beats won the Beauty Contest. The Shure's didn't even get an honorable mention. The Shure's are not as clear as they appear in the picture. While the actual ear-piece is clear, the rest is like dull-silver. And the cable is thick; not thick enough to connect you directly to the energy grid, but thick enough to notice. I showed the thing to a person who knows way more about these things and he was knocked off his chair (in a good way). He said, "Look at these. It's clear plastic over BRAIDED STEEL. Look! Look how much steal there is!" and he went on how the steal made some sort of difference in the quality of the sound, limiting frequencies or some such thing (I'm pretty sure I got it all wrong). I looked at them and sure enough, I could see the braided steel. It certainly makes the earbuds durable. And while I'm not sure if walking around with these things makes you more susceptible to lightning-strikes, it certainly will not break when it does. Imagine: crispy critter with intact earbuds and a smile on face because he/she never heard the lightning storm in the first place.I'm just kidding. I'm sure these are perfectly safe.SUMMARY: In the end, I didn't hesitate to keep the Shure's, even in the face of lack-of-features and beauty-contest-rejection. For me, the sound outweighs everything and I will dwell is musical BLISS even as I push actual buttons on my Iphone and defend my Cool on the street. Sound is everything.
I bought the older Shure SE115s a couple years ago. I loved them, even though the neck slide broke only a few weeks after getting them. Recently, the left bud stopped working, so I replaced them with these. Compared to the 115s, these are a pain to put on and actually hurt my ears--the ears themselves, not the eardrums--to wear, especially because of my glasses. The old design on the 115s was simpler and more streamlined; the 215s are more twisty and complicated, take longer to put and take off, are uncomfortable for long periods of monitoring, hover at times within your ear (creating poorer sound quality), and cannot be used without running the wire up and behind your ear, whereas the 115s could be used this way. You could just stick them in your ears and go, like traditional earbuds. And the sound was always impeccable.All that said, when the 215s are in well and snug, and not hurting my ear cartilage, they work well. Also, using them while drumming works well because they are very secure in your ear. Lastly, if the wire was to break, the buds are removable so the wire can be replaced.I should have done more research. I'm sending the 115s to Shure for repair. You should buy from that older line instead; these newfangled deals are too needlessly complicated.
I keep doing this to myself buying products based upon reccomendations only to be dissapointed. These headphones sounded flat and not much better than ones i got for $25
Hi, I've just received my new 215Ks, in order to upgrade my Creative Zen player basic earphones. The sound now is really good in all frequency respone. I think it has been a good aquissition for the (a little high) price.I have an only one problem, yet not solved: If you want to keep stable in/on your ears and well sounding the 215 Ks you have to fit your ears to the earphones insead of the opposite¡I have carefully and slowly inserted the phones into my ears, have twisted the phones, even have twisted my ears (and a little bit of my brain ...)once and again, ... So finaly I got some possitions that go right. Well, so let's enjoy the music. Eventually, you can recieve a phone call or you realize someone is talkin to you. Then you pull off one ot the two earplugs in orther to answer or mantain a conversation. Bad. Later, you'll have to begin to look for, to find the apropiate way to fix again the earphone ...But i'll nor surrender 'cause i believe that sooner or later I will get it with naturally. So cheer up, you'll also can do it.Nevertheless, really good sound, no doubt.Jaime. Madrid
I do NOT like them but to be honest it's my issue because I don't like so much of the outside noise blocked out.
I've been a follower of Shure Headphones for several years and wouldn't trade them in for any other headphones.  Whether I'm out on a hike or on my Harley, these headphones always deliver great, clear sound with a surprising amount of solid bass.  Highly recommended!!!
This is the second set that I have owned.  The last set lasted at least three years but finally needed to be retired.  The sound quality is unbelievable on these and the noise cancellation is more than adequate to filter out most of the background and let you enjoy quality sound at a much lower volume.  Definitely recommend these.
I bought these earphones for my daughter as she is an aspiring worship leader and plays in the student praise band at our church. Since I use a pair of my own, I already knew the fidelity was top notch, clean highs, good bass response, noise cancelling, all the things you need on stage running IEMs. I highly recommend this product. You could spend three times what you spend on these and not improve the over sound quality appreciably. Go with these and keep your money.
I never thought that good earphones were worth the money, until I tried these ones. I actually first bought a pair of the old version of these earphones, they lasted me for 4-5 years. Now I get to re enjoy them in their format. The earphones disconnect themselves from the main cable, which is great because that is what normally fails first (as was the case for my old pair). Now, right next to the earphones the cables are semi rigid, in order to offer support on the ear, I still find this a bit uncomfortable as it is something new and unexpected, but can't complain at all. You will never listen to your music the same way.
Great sound when the correct tips are used.  It's a must to have them sealed completely off in your ear otherwise they will sound weak.  Great product for the price,  the tangle free cord is a great feature!
clear sound, headphones stellar quality for this price. you hear all the lows, songs you listened to thousands of times some how sound even better with more clarity. you just have to find the correct tips for your ears simce no two ears are alike.
The sound is great, but that's what you expect from a company like Shure, so i'm going to skip that part of the review.The tough thing to get used to is how to put them in.  They come with the medium foam ear inserts which were a bit too big for my ears so I switched to the small ones.  I LOVE the foam inserts.  I squeeze them down to as small as I can get them, put them in my ears, and they expand to fill my ear canal over the next 10-15 seconds.  During that time you can feel the rest of the world melt away.  It's really incredible how much outside noise these block even when music isn't playing.  With music on, the outside world is absolutely gone.  I can't hear anyting except the music even on an airplane with someone speaking over the PA.  I also use them at the gym and I don't hear anything of the outside world.They are a little funky to put in, especially the first few times.  I've had them for about 3 weeks now and just put them in very quickly and easily.In short, give them a week to grow on you - you'll be happy.
I had read up on these ear buds as a good alternative to the larger over the ear noise canceling headphones and was very surprised to see them show up at my door a day early, however my joy ended there.  Right from the start the box showed signs that it had been glued shut (finger print where super glue had removed just a little box paint), clearly previously opened, but I figured I'd see if it was perhaps just cosmetic damage and that everything else inside would be fine; it was not.  The cords had been twisted together, appearing to have kinks, and the different sized cups and cleaning tool was missing.  Clearly this product had been returned by someone else and the seller simply sent if off to me without even inspecting the outer box for 'tampering'.  For a product that goes INSIDE the body (all-be-it a very small amount) I DO NOT WANT a previously used product that didn't even get inspected.  I'm sure the ear buds are great but I'm never going to find out because I'm not interested in any product from a seller who doesn't care enough inspect this 'type' of product before trying to send it off to another customer.  For the price I was expecting a 'new' product, not one that had already been inside someone else's ears.
The headphones have excellent sound quality and the reinforced cable near the earpieces solves a problem I had with my last pair of Shure earbuds - the cable frayed near the earpieces after just a couple of months.On the other hand, they don't do a very good job keeping out ambient noise.  My active noise-cancelling headphones are much better at that.
Not as much bass as I'm used to, but then again, it is due to the well balanced frequency response. Highs are very easily discernible and overall less muddled then comparably priced units. I do wish it had more bass though.
For $99 you can do a lot worse. Truly. There are so many products out there that hype themselves as standing out from the crowd, being something unique (using wood housing instead of plastic, I won't mention any specific names but I can assure you they don't sound as good as these. I've tried them, believe me). These are absolutely phenomenal earbuds at their price point. The drivers are lively and separated but not shrill and cold which is often the case with balanced well separated headphones. They are neutral and give a perfectly balanced presentation of the music you are listening to but also give a lively and impacting presentation. A total joy to use. Any EQ tweaking will only make them sound inferior and bring out the weakness of whatever program you are using to alter the EQ. These are really quite good. Speaking as a person who has owned Sennheiser 650 HD with a $500 headphone tube amp. These are really the best headphones in their price category.I am not a Shure fanboy. Actually. My first pair of shure, e2c broke with light use. I had sworn them off (hence my foray into wood housed and otherwise earbuds, which is why I am giving you a highly appraised review despite my previous bad experience) but back with the 215k and I am really very satisfied. They are sturdy headphones. The cords are very robust. The quality is high. And I can't give you any faults. They are really very good and I would recommend them to anyone looking for earbuds in this price category.As an added bonus you won't have to hear any boneheads when you are on the bus or otherwise. They are really very good at blocking outside noises. Like, totally block any outside noise under 100db. Love these earbuds. They are really the best in this price range and you can't go wrong if you chose them.
Once I got these earbuds, it took about a day and a half before I got them to fit the way I wanted.  After that, the sound was much like my audio technica ath-m50's with a little cleaner highs and a little stronger bass and greater isolation.  Overall, a relatively flat sound with a slight v curve.  Well worth the money and time to get the fit right.  I ride the bus to school all the time and these block out nearly all the sound of the bus and other passengers.
I admit I'm no headphone connoisseur, but nonetheless I have not been really pleased with the sound quality. I often like to tailor my musical experience by genre (i.e. change intensities of various frequencies) and have found that from very low bass (e.g. hip hop) to very high pitches (e.g. classical music), these headphones have performed pretty well. In terms of sound isolation, they work extremely well and allow me to tune out really easily when needed. Lastly, I LOVE that they wrap around my ears - this means that I can actually wear them and walk around without them falling our of my ears (a big problem for me given my big ears.).Overall, highly recommended for the given price point.
It is tough for me to get these buggers to stay in. The stiffer part of the cord near the earpieces is meant to be bent into a form, but mine likes to wriggle around a bit like a fish. The result is that I am constantly adjusting them with my hand or shoulder-nudging them when I am running.I also don't like the biggish knobby plug-in. It's too big for my phone case to accept, so now I have my phone without its case. First world problems ... I know.Sound quality is fantastic, however. As an audiophile, that really is my major criterion.
superb, only complain is that its too big for my ears, but hey...maybe because i have small earssound quality is good, no complains therebeing so big, couldn't wear it more than an hour ..
I play drums in a regularly gigging band and have been wanting to move away from an active on stage monitor to an in ear system. I purchased these earphones and together with an inexpensive headphone amp I have achieved that goal.I now am able to hear the other musicians, as well as myself without the having my ears blasted by my drums along with a loud on stage monitor. I have used this setup a few times now and I really do like it. The sound produced by the Shure SE215's is very adequate for my monitoring needs. I am sure that had I spent many hundreds of dollars more on custom fitted ear phones I would have a even better result but this is fine for me and it was definitely an affordable solution.The cable on these is very heavy duty and I can see it being very durable.The wire near the ear pieces, bends nicely around the back of your ear and with the various types and sizes of rubber and foam inserts I think most people will be able to achieve a comfortable fit.I have recommended this product to friends and will do so in the future.
I had purchased the Shure SE530 some years ago.  The cabling finally wore out and they were done.  They were quite wonderful and short of putting to hi-fi speakers to my ears, nothing compared.  I thought about a reshell, but decided to try these.  The sound quality of these SE215's is nearly equal.  It was a little tricky learning how to wear them (several times until I grasped the concept), but no issues now.  I primarily use them for workouts, walks, etc.  I also have a pair of Klipsch S4-II, which does not have quite the sound quality, but are a good second.
I would have given this 5 stars but for my initial difficulty in choosing the correct ear cover and getting them to stay in my ears. Finally in front of a mirror figured it out - the whole thing fits into the ear (duh :-)). I had never tried anything like this before and once I figured out how to keep them in, I was amazed at the outstanding quality of sound they provided.  Glad I didn't give up and return them.
Although these only have 1 driver. They are terrificly balanced and ready to use on the get go. I also recommend the yellow foam sleeves in addition when you buy.
The Shure SE215k is a shallow fit, over-the-ear earphone.  The package contents include: the earphones themselves, a set of S,M,L silicone tips, 1 set of memory foam tips, a cleaning tool for the ear tips, and a soft shell carry case.  The earphones are made of a rigid plastic and the cables are thick and of high quality.  These are very comfortable, but you will have to adjust to how big these are if you haven't owned something like this before.  A nice little feature about these earphones is that the cables are removable and replaceable.  You can either get the original cables from Amazon or Shure, but the cables from  the Logitech UE series earphones just as well and a bit cheaper too.On to the sound.  This earphones has a lot of bass that extends down fairly deep and can sound a bit muddy on some tracks.  With genres such as hip hop, dubstep, EDM, etc, these do a great job and will fulfill the needs of your average bass head.  The mids are warm and very clear and the highs are a bit rolled off, maybe a little rolled off.  Due to the rolled off highs, these are not fatiguing and can be used for several hours before having to take a break.  Keep in mind that these isolate very well, so if you're walking down the street or anything, make sure you are well aware of your surroundings.The Shure SE215K is not without flaws however, there a few things that are bothersome right out of the box.  The first is the fit of these earphones.  While it isn't a big issue, new users might have problems properly inserting these into your ears.  The core of the problem is the memory cord that wraps around your ear.  You will need to bend constantly to conform to the curves of your ear but after a while it will retain its shape.These earphones perform extremely well and for the price, it includes many accessories.  Shure even offers a 2 year warranty with the SE215K which adds even more value to the package.  If you're a fan of good bass, warm mids, and slightly recessed highs, these earphones are a no brainer.
I have headphones on about 80% of my day, every day. I needed some earbuds that could hold up a quality standard set by the headphones I use with my PC, these have met fit my bill perfectly, & for under $100. I couldn't have asked for more.
I bought these because I have had several headphones fall apart after limited use.  These ear buds are great.  Built to last and the sound is great for me.  I wear them while walking and traveling.  The only small complaint is that the ear buds do expand into my ear and if I wear them for several hours at a time my ears start to get sore.
Yah, these in-earphones are pricey. I run 6 days a week and they are amazing for running. no need adjusting your earphones because the sweat keeps making them slip out. the sound quality is amazing. and they are completely sound-isolating. Great investment!
I never liked isolating in-ear earphones before, because usually I bought cheap ones which made bad sound, and uncomforting feeling. Besides that I have pretty big ears so my earbuds would always fell out on bicycle/running/other activity. I just ruined my Apple's new earphones when I broke on my bicycle and they fell out of my ears into the tires..Ok, let's go to Shure SE215-K. This are the most expensive earbuds I ever bought (even though $ 90 some people don't consider as really expensive). I love the sound, they never fell out of my ears on the bicycle/running. They isolate all the sound around me when I listen to the music (so people have to wave at me if they want to talk).It gets really windy in Hawaii and I was never able to listen to audio books on my bicycle on windy days, now I can.When I first inserted earphone into my ears it took me some time. Now I can get them in in less than 10 seconds :)I just love there earphones, and am just sad I didn't buy them before.
the earphones do not sound as good as i have expected, but i am comparing them with se535. it is suitable for entry level but if you got enough cash, go for a higher model from shure directly
I TRYED TO MAKE THEM WORK, BUT THE FITTED JUST NOT WORKING, THE SOUND IS GREAT, TRY SEVERAL WAYS TO MAKE THEM WORK
He seems to like them. They are a major step up from what is included with the iphone. Would recommend them again and again.
I bought these to use as in ear monitors for live playing. (I am a drummer).  The sound is good, if you can get the proper fit- I have to use foam inserts and insert them completely in my ears to get adequate bass reproduction.One major annoyance that I quickly discovered was that if you move around a lot, the rotating connection makes an audible grinding sound when then earphones are fully inserted.  This is not a sound emanating from the earphones; it is a physical sensation caused by the rotating connection mechanism that is audible ( when inserted) especially when no sound is being emitted from a sound source.  Very annoying.  I ordered these as replacements for some E-3's that I used back in 2005 - The E-3's fit way better, and didn't have the annoying grinding sound.Aside from that, they do sound good- be sure to keep around plenty of fresh foam inserts; If they do not fit snugly in your ears, there is very poor bass response. Conversely, if the fit IS snug, the bass response is fantastic.
I purchased these because I needed headphone at the gym that did not fall out easily. I was super impressed by the sound. The sound quality was nearly identical to my $350 Bose QC3 headphones. The only gripe was the breaking in the wire so that it looped around my ear easily. There is definitely a learning curve when putting these headphones on, but after about a week, it becomes second nature.
Sounded great until one ear started going on and off.  The went right back.  I just ordered the x10 to replace them.
Used it immediately and fell in love with it. The sound was awesome and the snug fit was great! Great product!
First let me start off by saying that the sound quality is excellent on the e215. I only had two complaints, 1. It does not include a microphone and the microphone cable that you can buy separately is not coated with the same flexible material that wraps around the base of the e215's cord to help keep them from falling out your ear. 2. The sound would cut in and out if I moved the cord. I looked online and found this to be a common issue with Shure. Amazon exchanged them for another pair and they are now working perfectly. Dispite the issues I had with these earbuds just by judging from comfort and sound, these are the best earbuds I've ever owned.
I bought these because of other reviews I had read of them.  I play drums and sing background.  They sound better than the Shures' that came with my monitor system.  It beats carrying around a 50 lb. wedge (that feeds back).
I use a pair of these for all of my general headphone applications (I have another set of cans for studio use though). These sound great. I was concerned with physical ear fatigue from wearing relatively heavy drivers in-ear, but I've had no such problems.
I find them impossible to fit properly so they sound like crap and fall out. You are supposed to wrap the cord around your ear and it is just a huge PITA. I've had them for 2 years, tried everything off and on, always end up frustrated and sorry I wasted money.
These Shure ear phones are the greatest sounding ear phones I have ever had. And the true sound isolation is beautiful. I even was able to listen and approve a time sensitive audio mix sent to me in a gymnasium during a basketball game. Almost total isolation. It was quite strange listening to music as the players beat on each other mercilessly. It lent a cinematic quality. Anyway I would highly recommend these. There is a bit of a learning curve to the correct placement in the ears. But once you figure that out you are set.
After my $50 Ultimate Ears broke within 2 months, I bought these on impulse.  The wire on my prior earbuds pretty much tore and the left ear stopped working.  Once I read in one of the reviews that these Shure earbuds have a very sturdy wire, I was pretty much sold because I was so mad about my old ones breaking.  When I first receives these in the mail, I was quite confused.  How do you put them in your ear?  I had to read the little manual sheet to realize that the wire goes over and behind your ear, not like most earbuds.  I admit, at first, these were a bit awkward to wear, but after a while, you get the hang of it and they slip on your ear perfectly.  I love dubstep, so I listen to music with a lot of bass, and these earbuds perform.  The wire is also very sturdy, just as the review stated; wire is very strong and won't rip.  I definitely recommend these earbuds, they are well worth the three digits.
For 3 months, I struggled with the correct way to wear these. But once I managed, they're pretty balanced buds.
I can only imagine what 315 or 425 would sound like. These are great for blocking noise and focusing on the sound that they put out without being disturbed.As a drummer these are perfect monitors, just the right amount of everything.I have tried different types of headphones before some in the $100 range, and nothing comes close.I would say they could use a bit more bass, but overall they are great and I still give them a 5 out of 5.I wish the cable was about a food longer, and a built-in volume control would have been a nice touch, however you can always get one.Will I recommend it? Yes!
I purchased these because I needed headphone at the gym that did not fall out easily. I was super impressed by the sound. The sound quality was nearly identical to my $350 Bose QC3 headphones. The only gripe was the breaking in the wire so that it looped around my ear easily. There is definitely a learning curve when putting these headphones on, but after about a week, it becomes second nature.
The sound quality is excellent, and they fit snug in your ear canal. I also like having the additional ear buds'
I use these as both In Ear Monitors while on stage, as well as normal headphones with my iPhone. The noise cancellation is fantastic, and the sound quality is very clear and crisp. Although it is a single driver, there is a nice blend of bass, midrange and treble. I have listened to everything from acoustic to metal, and can pick out everything in the mix. On stage they are great. I use them in conjunction with aviom in ear monitoring controls and they allow me to hear the entire band very well. For the price, they are a great product and I hope to one day be able to step up to dual or triple drivers. But for now, these work wonderfully within my musician's more meager budget.
if you like the noise from outside block out when you have your earphones on, this is something to consider.
The Shure SE215 worked great for the first two days, then the right speaker started to cut in and out.
Ok corny title but I had to do it. Everyone needs to find their sound. I found them in shure headphones. These are by far the best balanced in ear headphones I have heard. I have tried Sennheiser MM50, Klipsch image s4, Apple in-ear headphones, and my Shure ec2 (R.I.P.) headphones. Nothing to me compares to shure headphones. The sound is so crisp and clean compared to the others. MM50 sounded muddy and did the apple in-ears. S4's sounded very tinny (hurt my ears on the high end) Shure headphones have none of that. Tight bass, good highs, and maybe you can make an argument the mid range is lacking a bit but that shortcoming is quick overcome with the overall sound quality. Like my older ec2 (which I used a few times a week before they died 6 years later) the new SE 215 did not disappoint.
I really suprised ! The ear phone is great !and It was really reasonable rate. I really hope buy this kind of item at Amazon, too
This is my first set of IEMs I've owned. I've always been using earbuds from Sony and other random brands. I was apprehensive at dropping $99 on a pair of earphones, since my previous ones would always die within a few months of having them. However, I found that my fears were unfounded after receiving these. The sound quality is phenomenal, I haven't owned anything like this before. I listen to electronic music mostly (trance), and the highs and lows are pretty balanced on these. The bass response is pretty good, it's not too heavy, but I think it's definitely enough for my own enjoyment. I've lost track of how many hours I've listened with these, but they are really comfortable and don't hurt after wearing them for hours and hours.I enjoy using the Comply foam tips that come with mine, the sound isolation is excellent. It isolates so well that I cannot wear both pieces in my ears while I'm at work, since I cannot hear what my coworkers say to me even if I have the volume pretty low. I can use both the medium and small Comply tips; if I use the mediums, I have to compress the foam and then insert them into my ears, but with the smalls I can just slip them in and I still get the same seal.The only complaint I have with these is that the stock cable that comes with the earphones are a little awkward to use for the first time. I had trouble trying to get the memory wire fitted around my ears properly. Once they were on properly, they were pretty comfortable. I don't really recommend wearing these in combination with glasses though, they might feel weird. I like that the cables are thick and Kevlar-reinforced; I have no worries about the durability of the cable, and it can easily replaced if it tears. I also bought the CBL-M+-K-EFS so I could use it with my iPod and iPhone. I like the fitting of this cable more, since there's no memory wire, so it's more comfortable to use while wearing glasses.I think that if these ever break down, I might try out the se215-LTD. I might even try out some of Shure's higher offerings.
I originally bought the Dr. Dre Powerbeats and returned them immediately. After reading several reviews I decided to buy the Shure SE215. I just used them for a 75 minute session on the stationary bike. I could not hear any noise at all from any of the pieces of equipment min use around me so the noise isolation is outstanding. Being an audiophile I found the the sound very well balanced with very good bass extension. They were not affected by moisture at all and stayed firmly in my ears for the entire session. I extremely impressed.
Summary:-This is my 4th pair of Shure's.-Owned E2C's and older models.-These are the best (and cheapest) so far.-I use custom molded castings of my ear-canals made by my ear-doctor and the sound isolation/sound quality is absolutely amazing. I'm a helicopter pilot and use them for hearing-protection everyday.-Slightly less comfortablePros:-Bass is deeper and more pronounced than other models I've owned. I'm very particular about sound and like a good balance...have to say that the bass is unquestionably an improvement. I use a graphic equalizer with my player and these have a much broader range of adjustability...some people say they have too much bass, but if you actually take the time to adjust your equalizer, you'll find that you just have more control. The bass response is therefor quite satisfying as it is never pushing the driver near any limits. Rich, deep, period.-Shure's have always been my go-to brand but I've always broken the wires by month 12-14. The modular wire system in these new models is pretty much the answer to that problem.-They look cool. especially with my clear ear-canal castings.Cons:-They don't fit in the ear as well as previous models...a little big so they contact my cartiladge and irritate it over time if not adjusted properly. I suspect that it is my custom ear-canal inserts so I wouldn't worry about it unless you're going that route.-Because of ^ and the fact that the wire-plug can swivel, they take a little longer to put on/take off...you kinda have to get everything all setup before you pop it under your hair/glasses and into your ear.
I think if you have never owned a pair of noise cancelling headphones these might be OK. However, they are no where near as good when it comes to quietness. In addition, you hear the cord movement and they are not that comfortable.
Very good but hard to put it on it took me almost an hour to put it on but not bad
These headphones are absolutely amazing. Normally I don't write reviews about things I buy, but these made me get online and do it. 10/10
So for number of years I have tried to find some of the best headphones whether it's been in ear or over the ear, and I had my doubts about these in-ear headphones at first. I did not realize that they need a "Burn-in" time frame which may vary from what I have researched. The biggest thing with these headphones will be the getting used to the in-ear placement of the headphone itself. I will stress this, you will need time getting used to these being in your ear's for a long period of time, but once you make it past that point you will be go to go. Now as far as performance, I would have to say they are stellar and are a cut above the rest.The high's are crisp and tight.The mid's are are not all over the place like cheaper headphones.The lows are the closest thing to being in the studio.The cord is very durable.Now for the bad.The cord is not long enough since you do have to where the cord behind you since they are sound monitors not regular headphones.The different headphone sizes are great but are a pain when trying to remove them or switch them out.The "Burn-in" time may be a little too long for some users.All in all, if you are looking to upgrade your in-ear headphones for better quality sound and performance these are the ones for you.
I used to work in the Production Arts world, and have been a Shure fan for many years.  For running I had used Shure E2C for almost a decade.  I had the same pair the whole time, running dozens of races, dragging through almost two years of abuse in Iraq and still they kept on.  Finally they shorted out and I sadly went looking for a replacement.  I gave the SE 215's a try.  Within a month the mount on one ear broke.  I paid for shipping, sent it off to Shure, their customer service was great, they fixed it and sent it back for free.  A month later they broke again.  I guess I could send them off again, still under warranty, but no desire.  My faith in these things is lost, and I will be trying to find something better to keep up with my lifestyle.
When it comes to audio quality, I have a very specific taste. I like booming bass, but not over-exagerated and fake - real bass. I like CLEAR vocals, and being able to distinguish all the different instruments and layers in music. Previously, I bought a pair of Klipsch Image X10's, and I thought they were amazing. However, they were a little fuzzy and sort of unclear. Deffinitely not worth the $350 I shelled out considering they broke in about 6 months after normal daily use. The connecter to the device completely broke, and made them worthless. Klipsch may have good sound quality, but they REALLY need to put a little more effort into the build quality. I did some research after those broke, and came across these. I was skeptical of the round ear tips because I have VERY small ear canals, and only Klipsch's pattented oval ear tips fit my ears. Of course, I was right to worry because when I tried the ear tips that came with these, I was scared I had just wasted more money. However, I thought, why not take two great brands and combine them? I took my old Klipsch ear tips and sure enough they fit like a glove on my new Shure SE215's!! And thus, the BEST HEADPHONES ON THE PLANET are born. The sound quality on these bad boys is just OUTSTANDING. It fit all my requirements and even more. PERFECT amount of bass, clear vocals, and no part of the music is left unheard. I was just simply blow away by the sound quality. (I also own Audio Technica ATH-M50's, so I know what I'm talking about when it comes to sound quality. What makes these headphones even better is the tank-like build quality. I feel like these could be runover countless times by cars and never break. I would suggest getting the clear instead of the black - they look SICK - the cable looks silver and it will never get dirty unlike ordinary white headphones - you can see all the components and drivers through the clear housing and it's just a really cool design. These headphones are a STEAL for $100. What else can I say? Shure, you've done it again.
I am a frequent amazon shopper and in my opinion Amazon is an absolute first retailer go to even though Ive had complications with shipments before. Every time they've alleviated my complications swiftly. I gave this item a four star review to not necessarily contribute an opinion on the product but to actually share my service experience with their customer support. In a word, AMAZING. My shipment seems to have been stolen from my door, but Amazon heard me out and sent me another one! I don't know if its because Im a prime member (definitely worth it) but they definitely will try their best to satisfy you.  Shop With Confidence!! Amazon will not let their customers down! Just be an honest buyer and they will make sure your expectations are met with satisfaction!Also I will review this product once I receive it. Once again, Thank you AMazon!!
If you are familiar with Shure products, you are probably comfortable with the fit and plastic / foam ear tips.  These work as on any other Shure product.I got these after my beloved E2c earphones finally started dying.  So sad to end up with the 215s.  The bottom end is very muddled and there's too much of the lower end in the mix.  This set lacks the pristine quality of the E2c.  The mids and highs are very clear, but the bass distracts quite a bit.
I've had a number of Shure ear buds, and I've always been happy with them.  These looked a little clunky, but, what the heck?  Shure's been doing this for years, they must have done the homework, right?  Wrong.  Even after a month, it's a struggle to get these things in my ears.  Have to look at the "r" and "l" signs every time, and even then I'm futzing with them for a couple of minutes before they are in properly... and that stupid stiff wire is always twisting the wrong way so you have to keep pulling it back over your ear.  The sound is great, but it's just not worth the hassle
DO NOT BUY!! I got these and was very excited because the sound is very good. However, after only one month and a week, the left earbud lost sound and would only be audible if i twisted the earbud to one specific angle. As these wrap around your earbud, that one specific angle was impossible to hold. Because of this, these headphones are now useless. Great sound but poorly built. Also, the warranty is only one month, so do not expect any full refund.
I have been a fan of Shure headphones for years.  This is my third pair and by far the best yet.  The fit is great and sound quality is superb.  A great <$100 set of headphones.
So originally i had the beats solo head phones.... they definitely were not worth $ 200.00, these shure's are amazing and they sound great... the noise cancellation are really good... i can not have my i pod playing the too loud as im playing my drums because i cant even hear what im playing....
I owned a pair of Shure headphones a few years ago but the cord has ripped and I have been using other pairs that came with my ipod or a pair of Skullcandys. I remember my old ones and I was looking forward to getting these, they were a christmas gift.I have no complaints except that maybe they could be a little louder, but then I may just go deaf so it may not be a bad thing they dont go louder.Overall excellent noise reduction you cant hear nothing when you have these on. The sound stays clear even when all the way turned up. Cord can be replaced if it ever rips, a huge plus for me as i have seen many headphones come and go but thanks to these Shure's the cord can just be replaced. As you wear them in they get more comfortable and you will enjoy them once you find the right fit for yourself.So if your in the market for a great pair of headphones these are a great pair to consider
They don't fit wellThe right ear occasionally cuts out. (after maybe 5 uses)The cord is rigid and conducts sound (think: tin can and cord telephone)The sound is OK.I have been happier with $40 Sony earbuds
They say that you will notice a huge difference between headphone sound quality once you spend that first $100. These headphones fit nicely as I like the wrap around style and the sound quality was nice but compared to a cheap pair of $30 skull candies I had I heard no difference. This is because there is still only one driver. If you want a pair of headphones with night and day difference in sound quality compared to regular headphones then get a pair with at least two drivers. This of course means you'll be dropping at least $200.
These are easily that best head phones that i have ever had, i got these to replace my beats audio which gave out on me. super comfortable, if you are the bubble of getting a pair, go for it, you will not regret.
They are great sounding headphones, but if you are wanting to use them at a gym setting the time it takes to put them in properly can be a pain. Just stick to great sounding ear buds in that setting.
Overall reasonably good sound and they appear to be sturdily built. However the bass, touted in the promo blurb, is really not all that good, And, I do use the expandable ear buds. I have less expensive earphones with as good or better bass response.
For less then a hundred dollars you cannot go wrong with these.The fit takes a little practice but once u get them on  They won't fall off.
Pro's:- Earbuds sounded good when they were in.Con's:- Difficult to put in ears.- Once in ears they were uncomfortable.- Earbuds are heavy and the cord is heavy.- Cord was way to long for walking around and having come out of pocket.- Sound cuts in and out on iphone 4 when the connector rotates the plug.- Fit kit sleeves were extremely difficult to remove when trying to find a good fit. Internet forums said to freeze the earbuds to help.- The cord nearest the earbuds is made to wrap around the ear. Made it more difficult to put on and with the combined weight of the cord bothered my ears.All in all these were not for me.  I have had a few great over the ear monitors in my life and was not prepared for the hassle they would be. They hurt my ears, cut in and out and needed to be frozen to adjust. I like the idea of earplugs with great sound but not with all this hassle. According to the reviews many people love them, but I STRONGLY suggest you give these or earbuds very similar a try before you buy. I returned them. You might love them. Who knows.
Although advertised as fitting those who like fidelity of music, they did not fit to my ears to make the sensation of being isolated from the outside.
There are a lot of reviews here that talk about technical specifics about the SE 215's.  I'd like to take a different approach to offer my praise (for the record, I'm a music composer/producer and sound quality means worlds to me).  When my wife found out these were $100 she was none too pleased..."$100 for earbuds?!?  Seems excessive to me," she said.  I tried to explain the quality and durability of the SE 215's but she wasn't hearing it.  When they arrived and I had her listen to a few songs through these, she was grinning like the Cheshire Cat.  It was the "crap I know I'm wrong about these so how do I hide it?" grin.  When I asked her if she thought they were worth the money, she began to comment how effective the sound-isolating was (all of a sudden she couldn't hear me).Agree with a lot of folks here.  Impeccable clarity, profound bass, ridiculous sound.  Stop thinking about buying these and buy them.  Worth every penny.
Awesome sound.  A little bit awkward fit in the ears, but you get used to it.  Comparable to the $400 head phones out there.
What a waste of money. For $100 the sound is lame. The design is awful as they don't fit in a normal ear and should have came with a shoe horn to cram them in your ear. Once in your ear the sound is muffled by the cheap cushions put on the end. In the continuation of poor design. The plug into my iPhone is too wide to get past the bumper. I had another set of Shure headphone that needed to be replaced because of faulty wiring. Poorly designed and contructed products. NEVER AGAIN!Buy the JBuds J3M Micro Atomic In-Ear Earbuds Style Headphones with Mic (Jet Black) . At $25 these exceeded all my expectations and have a microphone to boot.
Pros: Sound great,lots of clean bass, wide range, sound isolating, quality tips, detachable headphones, comfortableCons: Putting these in is harder than it should be, may not work with phone or music player case, not a very secure fit, cut out every once in a while for just a split second(almost only during heavy lifting though)
These sound really great.  You need to find the right earpiece for your ear as they may not fit well into a helmet if they protrude too much
I use ear bud headphones solely for riding on my motorcycle. I usually have the rubber tipped kind but went with the foam tip for these.The foam tips block as much outside sound as an actual foam ear plug design to block sound. It's great for wind noise inside my helmet. I find myself turning the volume way down as I can still hear my music while blocking the damaging wind/engine noise, and I can still hear my environment.They also lay completely flat in my ear, and the cord that wraps around my ear does a great job of keeping the ear bud in place, even in my helmet.Sound quality is also fantastic for the price. Cord is super durable. I like that the cord is also replaceable/interchangeable.Definitely recommend.
Bought it for my son.  He really enjoys using them.  Says they cancel out the sound great.  Either he is telling the truth or he has gotten better at ignoring me and my wife.  Ha!
I had other ear buds from Shure that I loved and had great sound, so I trusted the company and bought these as a replacement.But they're not good! I don't know what the other people reviewing them have been listening to, but there are songs that I know have a low bass, which can't be heard on these at all. They're also surprisingly uncomfortable because the buds themselves are really thick and the hard plastic is actually jamming itself against my ear (no change in the latex piece helps this problem).But mostly, they have no low bass (I listen to a lot of electronic music-- they're the worst for psytrance!) and are pretty much only acceptable for listening to podcasts. I lent them to a friend who was surprised that Shure made them because they're so bad.Not worth the money! When I listen to songs I know, I am disappointed with the sound quality.
I purchased these due to the super low price Amazon had.  I own a few pairs of other earbuds/headphones and my previous favorites were my Klipsch S4.  I assumed there is a plateau for all earbuds and any increase in quality would be negligible.  I was wrong in my assumptions.  The Klipsch S4 fit comfortably in my ear, but the bass was low.  Even putting my iPhone on "Bass Boost", it isn't what you would want it to be.  To obtain more bass, I assumed (again) that I would have to purchase a larger earbud that would be uncomfortable or transition to over the ear headphones.  These were not good options since I use my earbuds to workout.  I purchased the Shure SE215-CL and I was blown away.  It is amazing how clear these are!  More bass and the highs were more crisp.  The style was awkward at first, but now I like it more than the in the ear earbuds.  Even my Klipsch would slip when I would sweat a lot.  No environmental noise is allowed in my ear, just crisp, clean music.  I actually gave my Klipsch earbuds away!  These are that good.
I bought these as a replacement to my Sony XBA-1iP, which were rather lacking on the lows especially. Not only do the Shure SE215s have beautiful sounding lows, the sound coming out of these is beautiful in general; very well balanced. I found the factory default covers to fit my ears just fine, but there are plenty of alternatively sized covers that come included in a resealable bag that can be left in the carrying case, which is also included. However, for about the first week of use, the fit for these did take getting used to as I've never owned a pair of earphones before in which the cord goes behind the ear. After getting used to it, the fit on these are suburb - you can easily use them for hours on end. In regards to noise isolation, the manual these come with says "Wear them like you would a pair of earplugs" and boy, do they make for great earplugs. That said, the noise isolation on these is so great - even at a low volume - that it can pose a hazard if you plan on going for a walk/jog with these on.Plain and simple, these sound great, they fit great, and they're great for listening over extended periods of time.
The sound in as advertised--balanced, nice bass, great definition of all instruments, no complaint there.  But, they are a bugger to get fit into the ear correctly and then move the cord over the ear easily.  Once the wrangling of the cord is done, they are fine.  If you are planning on using these a lot to work out with, as I do, be prepared for some issues with how the cord hangs and cups or forms behind your ear.  Otherwise, for any other activity, sweet headphones.
First off let me say "audiophiles" are pretentious idiots. I'm a producer/audio engineer and I read these audiophile reviews and I start laughing. I love the fact that they are engage listeners but really their reviews are more of ego stroking then anything else. Anytime someone tells you they are an audiophile, take their review with a grain of salt because they are really no more knowledgeable then you are. It takes a LOT of training and experience (as in a college degree in psychoacoustics & 20 years of experience)to be able to be able to pick apart sound the way they try to. Personally I've only met a handful of people who were brilliant enough to be able to do that.All the equipment in the audio chain is going to color the sound and what sounds muddy or distorted on one persons setup might sound crystal clear on another. Everyone's ears are different, no one has perfect hearing. Most people over a certain age lose the ability to hear certain high frequencies, so you have no idea if they will interpret the sound the same way you will. Keep in mind that it's all subjective and you really need to listen for yourself.That said these are the best in ear monitors (IEM) that I have ever used and I've used some very expensive IEMs. Yes they color the sound just like anything else but they nailed exactly what I like. I love the bass response and on my setup they have a very well defined sound. I'm actually blown away by how much they sound like my Mackie and Genelec studio monitors (which have a more pronounced bass) and I think I can actually work using them (I have never felt that way before). I listened to a couple of my tracks on them and they sounded EXACTLY how they sounded when I made them, this is so crazy to me that it's almost absurd. These $99 IEMs somehow manage to sound as good as my professional studio equipment which cost me thousands of dollars. I'm blown away to say the least.I would absolutely recommend checking them out and I'd advise you to listen to a variety of music from different sources (CD, MP3, home stereo, iPod, etc) before you make a decision. Don't be surprised if some songs sound terrible on them while others sound better then ever. The reason is the flaws in the production can be way more pronounced because the original artist/engineer might not have been able to hear what you can hear with these. The lesson here is quality doesn't always make for a better listening experience, sometimes the lack of fidelity and a bit of distortion can actually make the music more enjoyable. Which is why its so laughable when audiophiles go on and on about clarity, fidelity and frequency response.As for the build quality & wire, etc.. it's all top notch.. The ability to replace damaged wires is just excellent and I really think that I'll get my money's worth out of them (even if they die in a year)..N-Joy
These are the nicest earphones in terms of sound quality, durability, and for blocking outside noise. These are perfect for any situation where you don't want or need to hear anything outside your music. Great for airplanes, long car rides, loud public places, studying, etc. I'll even use them to fall asleep when my roommates are still partying or being loud when I'm going to bed. When exercising, you can wear them pointed up and have the cord wrap over and around the backside of the ear for a more secure fit. I like to use the foam tips: they're like the earplugs that you squeeze and put in your ears, and then they expand to the shape of your ear canal and block outside noise.As a company, Shure supply's almost every big name musician and performer at large large venue shows with both their high quality earphones and microphone equipment. They far exceed every other brand in terms of sound quality produced. For noise blocking earphones on a $100 budget, there's no reason to get anything other than the SE215's. They'll even replace them for free if you keep a receipt, and they've done this for me and other people I know with their earphones that have broken long after a 2-year period. I had the first generation model for a while and the cord malfunctioned and they upgraded me to the newer model at no cost.With this current model they've deigned the earphones so that the cord detaches from the buds at the base of your ear, so that if and when the cord breaks, you don't need to go buy a whole new pair, just replace the cord. This is also great for if and when you want to upgrade to their higher end models like the SE315, SE425, and SE535 (each higher number is about $100 more than the previous) because the cord works for all of the current SE series earphones. Just swap out the buds on the same cord. Once you try any model of Shure's earphones, you will never want to buy another company's earphones. They come with a few styles of different tips, each in small, medium, and large, and their carrying case is quite nice. Ask anyone you know with Shure earphones and they will gladly tell how how awesome the earphones are. 10/10
Great sound, great material quality! I found them a little too big for my ears (part of the hard plastic pushes a bit on my skin and after a long period of time, it leaves a small mark), but I don't really notice it until I take them off. Its a little complicated getting used to putting them on correctly, but once they're on, they stay on great. Considering the price, I would buy these again. Best earphones I've owned for around 100 dollars.
Sadly, my puppy (back then) chewed them up as well as the replacement pair I begrudgingly bought after those.  Needless to say after $300 and no headphones to show for it, I was reticent about purchasing a new pair.As with the old pairs, these new SE215s can only be heard to be appreciated.  They no longer come with the christmas tree fitting that looked more like a torture device.  But that's beside the point.  The fittings you're interested in are the expanding earplug styles in small, medium, & large.  There's a band I'm an avid fan of and I've been listening to all of their albums for roughly 15 years now.  Before I owned Shure headphones, I thought I knew every melody and note in every song of theirs.  What I failed to realize was that with headphones which allowed true noise cancellation (not BS electronic white-noise) I was able to listen to far lower volumes.  Confused? I was too.  At such low volumes, you can hear what would have otherwise been drowned out by the louder elements of the same song.  The added bonus was riding the subway on the C line to work from Brooklyn to Manhattan and the normal cacophony of f-bombs and arguments became a silent movie to whichever track I chose that morning.  Bonus points for faster tempo music during fist fights!There are two honest drawbacks despite my fanboy appreciation of these headphones audio quality.1.  When someone needs to talk to you for example while working at your desk, they're a pain in the ass to keep scrunching and putting back into your ear.  Doubly so with this new over the ear design (which also takes a little practice).2. The realization that you don't clean your ears as well as you think you do.  Don't believe me? There's a reason they come with an ear-wax removal tool. Gross.
I bought the SE215-K in Black for the 2012 Christmas Holiday.  Very well constructed unit.  The earbuds / drivers have a solid construction to them, and the cable is sturdy.Sound Quality: ExcellentIsolation: Excellent - (Too Good actually, more on this later.)Price: ReasonableIntended use: Office workAfter using these at the office for the better part of a month, these are great at isolating me from noisy co-workers.  When fitted properly the comfort and sound on these monitors are excellent.Some minor things to note:The isolation is very good!  This can be a downside, as I would not recommend these for people who require situational awareness, such as running.The if you are not used to earbuds the fit can take some time to get used to.Make sure you have the correct earbud in the correct ear.  It's easy to mix them up, and the fit suffers terribly if you do that.
The sound quality is really good, they are comfortable and noise-isolating, and the price is right.  Unfortunately within two months of buying them the cable gave out and would only transmit a soft intermittent signal.The the credit of the designers the ear buds easily detach so you can replace just the cable rather than the whole unit.  This is a step up from the last Shure earphones I owned which were attached to the cable and had to be discarded when it broke (after many years of use).The part that's tough to swallow is that the cable is over $30.  A pair of standard Apple headphones, complete with ear buds and remote control, retails for $29 and is notoriously over-priced. It would be easier to shrug off if there weren't so many reports in the reviews of cables breaking.  If the cable was high-quality enough to justify the high price tag, it wouldn't break so often.I believe that part of the problem is in the old-fashioned, bulky, L-shaped design of the jack which is ill-suited to pocket devices.  As you move around during the day the jack can rotate perpendicular to the device so it hangs off the edge, which can subject it to stress that's not an issue with a straight jack.
I have used Shure earphone for many years and have been pleased with the quality and durability.  The SE series, however,  uses a connector at the base of the earpiece which creates a poor sound quality when engaging in exercise such as running.  Apparently the connector pin used to attach the cord to the earbud rotates within the fitting when the user is engaged in movement.  A cutting in and our of the sound results.  The review and recommended self-repair at the following link is informative:  [...].  Bottom line:  Don't use these earphones if you intend to exercise while wearing them.
These are by far the best headphones I've used.  The only minor negative is that they are a chore to put into my ears.  But the sound is more that worth it.
Good: for $100 bucks you seriously can't beat this sound quality. it is the best. I used to have shure e4c but when they broke I decided to buy cheaper ones and since I know and trust shure for their customer service I went with them again this time with 215. This headphones delivers quality sound at the cheapest entry price for any In Ear Monitors. durability, sound quality, packaging, customer support all is best of the breed. Enough said, i'd pick this pair over etyomotic , bose, logitech, ultrasound  any day (and I say this cuz I've tried all of those brands).Bad: the fit on this headphone is weird (unlike e4c) and subjective.  If I get the right fit, then it feels as if you dont even have a headphones on and that is the good part, however when you don't get the right fit, you just are left struggling and it may even hurt your ears (not pleasant). Because the fit is so weird, it does take good 1 min to put it on correctly and takes some effort to take it out. For something as used as earphones this shouldn't be the case. But again other than the FIT i don't have any complains with this pair, hence 4 stars.Update 9/13/2013: As originally suspected, it still hurt in my ears after prolonged (10-20 mins max) use. No matter how I put it on, with whichever sleeve, its a problem. However still best durability and sound quality for $100.
I was looking primarily for quality of build/longevity, and secondly, sound quality.You can't go wrong with this pair. Built sturdy. The cord is the best quality I have seen (even reinforced where it wraps above your ear).The sound quality is great. These days, companies sell their units bragging it has "deep bass" and such. These units have well-balanced lows, mids, and highs. (I rather rely on my EQ anyway, if I wanted higher lows or highs, for example).
While the noise cancellation worked well, the low range bass seemed non existent. Even doing bass boost on iPod was not enough. Also the in-ear fit was difficult. Overall very disappointed in the product. Bought Bose ear buds for same price and am very happy.
These IEMs are great! As an entry level audiophile I searched the web high and low to find the best pair of IEMs for me and I'm happy to say that I think the SE215's are them. This is my third or fourth set up nicer IEMs and all I can say is that these have absolutely no business sounding this good. For less than $100 you are going to change the way that you think about music. The only word of caution that I give is to give the memory cable some time, a few of my friends (whom I convinced to buy some 215s) loved the sound but simply couldn't get used to the way that the cord laid over their ears -- after a bit of time they too fell in love though.
I have had these earbuds approximately one month now, and I couldn't be more satisfied. When looking to purchase earbuds, I did a ton of research and ended up choosing these. I am not an audiophile, but I do care a great deal about sound quality. I wanted a headphone with realistic sound, a head phone that allowed me to pick up on every detail of the music. To me, these do just that.The musical versatility is great as well. I can go from listening to jazz or Western art music, where the sound is very clear and each instrument is easily heard, to dropping a ton of bass with some dubstep. I really like how these earbuds do not over-exaggerate the bass. Have you tried listening to Beethoven with Beats headphones? It's awful. Their desire to blow your skull up with bass only make listening to certain genres of music enjoyable. The bass the Shure SE215 earbuds make is true to the music; if the music has a lot of bass, these headphones will provide some head thumping lows. If the music doesn't have a lot of bass, these headphones will make the music sound lively with great mid and high tones.I would not recommend getting these earbuds for use with activities, such as weight lifting, running or sports. They block out so much noise that you only hear the music playing. This can make these activities dangerous. It is impossible to have a conversation with someone while these are in.TL;DR Version...THE GOOD:  -Great, realistic sound  -Deep, head bumping bass when appropriate  -Noise isolating  -Quality feel  -Thick cable that is replaceable  -Traveling case includedTHE BAD:  -Headphones are inconvenient for short use (they have to set, you can't just stick them strait in your ear like normal earbuds)  -The cable is hard for a few inches below the earbud connection, making the cable get caught easily while moving with these  -Headphones are not suitable for physical activities due to noise isolationI would highly recommend these earbuds. They are a great way to escape the noisy world and enjoy your music on a whole other level.
Great product. I've used them for about 2months with no issues. I like that I can purchase a phone cord and replace the cord it came with so I can make/receive calls and play/stop music. Awesome product!!!
I bought these Shure SE 215 a few months ago,and I was looking forward to using these highly rated (by their advertising) earphones.First of all, the over the ear wiring is cumbersome to use, particularly if you like to just put them on and start listening to music. They take a certain amount of playing with to get them just right, and then they take a fair amount of getting used to. This is not a plus.Secondly, I thought the music quality was a little tinny and vague, almost like listening in a tunnel, with the music way in the background. I thought it must be me, so recently I did a comparison with all of my earphones, and guess what, these earphones are definitely inferior to many of the earphones out there, which cost less than half as much.I compared five different sets, with many different music types, and compared the same tracks for each earphone set, to try and be objective. The SE215 performed poorly. I compared a $ 29.00 set of iLuvs, a set of original equipment iPod earphones, a $ 12.00 set of iLuvs, a set of Sharper Image ( about $15.00) and the Shures. The SE 215 were last in the comparison for the reasons I mentioned above, but primarily the sound was far inferior to the others, although the Sharper Image versions were only a little better. By far the two best were the $ 29.00 iLuvs and the original equipment earphones that came with the iPod.I would definitely say, save your money do not get these SE 215s. I feel that the iLuvs are the best value for the money (of these compared). I also have a pair of Sony noise cancelling earphones, which I did not use for this comparison as I thought that might be an unfair comparison, and those sound really good too.I understand all of us hear differently, so take my thoughts with a grain of salt, you may hear something I didn't.Hope someone finds this helpful.
I find it ironic that the first ear buds by Shure to have replaceable wires also have the most reinforced wires. These sound great to me, and you can get all of the technical details from the other reviewers.I have owned the E2Cs and SE210s, and these are my favorites out of the batch.
excellent headphones for me one of the best on the market with a spectacular presentation and a size suitable for the man who uses it every day and a high quality material like the sound
Sounded great until one ear started going on and off.  The went right back.  I just ordered the x10 to replace them.
I'm not a pro at judging audio quality on headphones. I upgraded to these from the Creative EP-630i and I have to say these are awesome! They block out so much sound I could use them on the airplane as earplugs to fall asleep. Not good for crossing roads though!I wear them around the top of the ears like other reviewers and I like how the stress areas of the cables are kevlar-reinforced for extra durability. The cables are also completely replaceable so nevermind if you break, fray or cut them accidentally.Tip: These earphones aren't as translucent as the photos show them to be. They do look cool though, I'd give you that.
Pros-Great sound (I'm going to ignore specifics, there are plenty of reviews on that)-Awesome, Awesome, Awesome cord. Seriously, this is the best cord I have ever seen-Good carrying case-moderately good selection of eartips (the meelectronics mi-6 hi-fi's have 6 pairs that are all very different, these are all very similar)Con-the foam eartips are incredibly hard to get off and look pretty bad after being used. I much prefer the silicone tips.Overall, these are very worth it
This pair, is worth the money. The fit is a bit odd, but I got used to it in a week.
Overall sound quality is not as good as my Klipsch Image S4s.  These have excellent noise isolation and bass, but the mids and highs are not quite as good as the S4s.  The cable is durable, but the fitting of these earphones is awkward.
extremely uncomfortable for long period of live singing....I stick to more comfortable buds. I use  a pair of Bose e2 which are very very comfortable...
Great sounds and changing the modes of my hp music I get to hear the diff. settings very well.Good bass and clarity overall and seals were superb.Fits lightly and easily into ear. Cables are a bit rough to handle perhaps but this could be good to avoid entanglement.Bought this to compare with my UE at similar price [100usd]. this is much better and wished I got this first!!!Great entry model for musicians and audiophiles.I use this for studio drumming and church playing (boxed up drumset).
I got this one for my husband, it should be his favorite brand, but he didn't love this one that much because of the sound quality did not meet his expectation. The pros for this is the price. For $100 you got a Shure product, I think that is pretty fair for the quality.
Excellent IEMs. Great bass and good midrange. You can't go wrong with these headphones. Way better than Bose, or beats by dre.
I love these inears! I got them for my inear monitor to use on stage at church and end up using them for everything from flying to listening to my ipod. I think I get a second pair for personal use and one for work.
The sound quality is pretty good but the price is a little too high. There's a lot of high ends in the earphones and it lacks the low ends. But over all I'm satisfied.
The earphones are quality material and quality sound. They're slightly difficult to put on comfortably, but once they're in, the sound is amazing.Unfortunately the right earbud broke within two months. Luckily Shure offers a 2-year warranty, i just have to pay for shipping & they do repairs for free.
Are they good? Well yes. They worth the money. But! You're gonna need to spend another $50 to get Shure Phone Cable if you want to listen music on your phone. Why? Because the plug on default cable is so annoyingly bad it will lose connection with the phone on every slightest move. Even if you don't need a mic, you still gonna need to buy the cable. And you cannot get earphones with already installed phone cable.I miss a pin on the cable. It's slightly heavier than other earphone cables and absolutely needs something that you can pin it to the shirt.Also Shure support left me unhappy. One of the sleeves came damaged. There is a few spares each of different size, but you get only two medium ones. So I asked them to send me one. They told me to call them and order. Here on Amazon, those spares listed for $20. I explained them that the sleeve came damaged, and just because of one sleeve I don't want to send the whole thing back. They refused to send me a replacement and it seems after all I'm gonna need to spend another 20 and buy them myself.So in the end these earphones will cost me in total ~ $170+tax. Is there any better options for that price? Sure, there are plenty. Good headphones, but they trick you to spend more.BTW. It took me almost a month to find a way to properly get them in my ears. Remember, place the earpiece the way that logo would be laying horizontally and would be readable (it should not be upside down), and then turn the cable downwards, so the whole thing will look like G letter and not the way how it looks on the picture. At the point where cable connects to the earpiece, it easily rotates. And don't waste your time bending the cable behind your ears as it says in the manual.
I am a believer!  My boyfriend recommended these for our upcoming trip.  I was considering Bose noise cancelling, but did not want the bulk.  These come in a very compact bag and cancel out the jet noise and chatter on planes.  I also bring them to work now so I don't hear the background noises of chatter, keyboards, phone calls, pagers that can irritate me.  Excellent 100 bucks spent.
Sound quality is awesome.  I ended up returning them though because they are a pain to put on.  I gave it a few days of use just to see if it'll get easier but they are just not easy to put on.  One of the sides also kept coming out.
great sound isolation.very good music reproduction.the fit takes time to get used to........very weird feeling at first.i would recommend these to a friend or enemy.
I play on stage about twice a month where in ear monitors are used. These block out the sound in the room while giving me clear sound in my ears. The sound quality is what would be expected from SURE and the construction is great. The cord is long enough to wear as in ear monitors and the construction is very durable. They fit and stay in the ears great once you find a foam piece that fits. All kinds of sizes come with these headphones so finding a pair that fits wont require seeking aftermarket stuff. I highly recommend these headphones.
Pros: GREAT sound, sturdy cables, detachable cable from the ear bud (amazing idea - brilliant)Cons: cables don't wrap well around ears - or I"m challenged possibly, cables too heave to stay behind ears when working out in any vigorous manner. For example, bend at waist and hang from the hips, buds fall out and cables unwrap. Utterly frustrating!!!!
I have used Shure earbuds for a few years now and have loved each of the two pairs I have owned in the past. I received the SE 215-K model of earbuds on Saturday and have used them a few times now. The sound that these produce is as superb as my previous ones but I don't like how these fit. The hard plastic part that fits into the outer ear is not comfortable and the thick wire that wraps around my ears is too thick. These are just very uncomfortable. I can only stand to have them in my ears for about fifteen minutes at a time. This is bad considering that I wore my other ones all day with no discomfort at all. I wish I would have just bought a new pair of the older model.
When my Bose IE2 broke, I was in doubt of what earphones to buy for my daily walkings. I needed great sound, comfort, durability. So I've bought these: Klipsch S4, a Sony MDRXB60EX and a Shure SE215.The Shure SE215 has a great, balanced sound. It's among the best that I have had (under $150 budget).Built quality is great, with detachable cable. It feels nice in the ear, but I didn't like the cord. It is thick and heavy.It's as thick as a USB cable for example. The cords weigh twice Sony's and three times the Bose and Klipsch ones.  (Yes, I actually put them on a scale).The sound isolation is better than the others. But it also suffers the common problem with all noise isolation phones.You hear your own body walking, especially when the cord touches you.Overall I think Sony XB60EX gives you the same level for lower money.My overall notes for sound quality (SQ) / Comfort (C) / Noise Isolation (NI) / "body" noise (BN)Bose IE2: SQ: 9.2 / C:10 / NI: no  / BN: 10 (best)Shure SE215:  9.1 / C:7  / NI: 8  / BN: 6Sony XB60EX:  8.9 / C:7 /  NI: 7.5 / BN: 4Klipsh S4:  7.5 / C:8 /  NI: 7  / BN: 7
I like these headphones a lot.  So much so, that I have now purchased two pairs of them (Lost the first pair in a move).Great sound isolation, great comfort, great sound.  I always tended to break the cord in my headphones, as I use them near-constantly.  It always made me nervous about buying a more expensive pair.  However, since these have a separate replacement cord that you can purchase, I decided to try these.I have to say, even with hard use, I have not had any issue with the cords being damaged.  The construction of the cords seems to be high quality.I have one complaint, however.  The left earphone occasionally has static/cuts out when I move my head certain directions.  I have a really hard time isolating what causes it to happen, and I am not sure how to resolve the issue.  I did not have this issue with my first pair.  It isn't all the time, but it is just often enough to slightly annoy me, without making me deduct a star because of all of the other positives of these headphones.
I love these inears! I got them for my inear monitor to use on stage at church and end up using them for everything from flying to listening to my ipod. I think I get a second pair for personal use and one for work.
The sound quality is pretty good but the price is a little too high. There's a lot of high ends in the earphones and it lacks the low ends. But over all I'm satisfied.
Amazing sound and great sound damping I would highly recommend them at this price point I find it hard to believe they can be beat.
Very good sound quality.....and they stay in my ears better than most everything else I've tried.  Stout wires and good build quality.
These are great for moise reduction and sound even better.I'm a singing drummer and am very pleased with this product.
One side works, then doesn't work, then works, doesn't work.  Been 3 months. Should have returned earlier. Actually, should have not bought them. Beware.  Sound isolation good.  Sound quality no better than $20 earphones.
They were okay until they broke on me after 8 months. The sound started to cut out when I was walking after about 6 months. I contacted Shure. They couldn't fix them and opted to not replace them so they refunded me the money. Can't complain about the refund but for headphones of this quality and price, they should have lasted more than 8 months.The sound quality was pretty good. They did get a bit uncomfortable after wearing them for a while (my commute to work is about an hour and a half).Also, I put these things in first thing in the morning after showering, so (gross) my ear wax got the buds dirty a lot. Now, I am a very hygenic person. I don't clean my ears every day (you're not supposed to) but I definitely do not let wax build up more than the average person and these got gross quick.So glad I switched to Sennheiser HD-280 PRO Headphones. Well worth the additional $10.
I had a pair of Klipsch S4's before these and thought I would try something else based on tech website reviews and although the sound quality is good, they are awful for working out.  I don't run or jog or do anything too active just weight lifting and I'm constantly adjusting these. Switching out multiple tips don't seem to make a difference.  I'll more than likely go back to the S4's or try something else.
I use these for working out as well as general listening.- Great sound quality- VERY noise isolating, almost dangerous. Wore these in NYC subways where it's super noisy when trains are passing by and you don't hear much noise from the outside. These are not earbuds, these go inside your ears - big difference when it comes to noise isolation- Durable - wires seem thick and strong- Well reviewed on audiophile sites- When working out, they are worn looped around the ear so they don't move when you exercise or run. Seem sweatproof so far
I do not pretend to be an audiophile, but I have nothing but praise for their sound. I will let OC reviewers quibble over nuances of sound quality. I got these earphones mainly because of their reputation for good sound isolation. For me they excel at that. None of the included ear canal tips fit my ears properly, so I got some ribbed silicone ones from Sweetwater that did the trick. The tiny dots denoting the and left right earpieces are silly, so I painted on a larger ones. Once I got the knack of putting the earphones in place I became pleased with their sound. I have experienced no listening fatigue so I gather that they produce little distortion, another key feature for me. I am mildly annoyed with the geeky look of the clear model. I guess I expected that the wires would break and I wanted to be able to see them do it. But these wires are not going to break, ever. I should have gotten the black ones instead. Just really great earphones. Why pay more?
When my Bose IE2 broke, I was in doubt of what earphones to buy for my daily walkings. I needed great sound, comfort, durability. So I've bought these: Klipsch S4, a Sony MDRXB60EX and a Shure SE215.The Shure SE215 has a great, balanced sound. It's among the best that I have had (under $150 budget).Built quality is great, with detachable cable. It feels nice in the ear, but I didn't like the cord. It is thick and heavy.It's as thick as a USB cable for example. The cords weigh twice Sony's and three times the Bose and Klipsch ones.  (Yes, I actually put them on a scale).The sound isolation is better than the others. But it also suffers the common problem with all noise isolation phones.You hear your own body walking, especially when the cord touches you.Overall I think Sony XB60EX gives you the same level for lower money.My overall notes for sound quality (SQ) / Comfort (C) / Noise Isolation (NI) / "body" noise (BN)Bose IE2: SQ: 9.2 / C:10 / NI: no  / BN: 10 (best)Shure SE215:  9.1 / C:7  / NI: 8  / BN: 6Sony XB60EX:  8.9 / C:7 /  NI: 7.5 / BN: 4Klipsh S4:  7.5 / C:8 /  NI: 7  / BN: 7
I like these headphones a lot.  So much so, that I have now purchased two pairs of them (Lost the first pair in a move).Great sound isolation, great comfort, great sound.  I always tended to break the cord in my headphones, as I use them near-constantly.  It always made me nervous about buying a more expensive pair.  However, since these have a separate replacement cord that you can purchase, I decided to try these.I have to say, even with hard use, I have not had any issue with the cords being damaged.  The construction of the cords seems to be high quality.I have one complaint, however.  The left earphone occasionally has static/cuts out when I move my head certain directions.  I have a really hard time isolating what causes it to happen, and I am not sure how to resolve the issue.  I did not have this issue with my first pair.  It isn't all the time, but it is just often enough to slightly annoy me, without making me deduct a star because of all of the other positives of these headphones.
I've worn these for 8 hours at a time on long flights. Good sound and comfortable. The ear pieces keep them in pretty well, even when you nod off. One thing, be sure to keep them clean so the sound pipe doesn't clog with ear wax.
These sound great, and the buds stay in my ears because of the moldable wire that attaches to my ears even while running.  I put them in and don't have to touch them once.
It took a little getting used to at first, but after a week or so these are the most comfortable pair of headphones I have owned. They fit just right in your ear and don't randomly fall out.
I loved these earphones, great noise cancelling and quality sound at a reasonable price. However, it seems that it was too good to be true, as just after 1.5 months of moderate use, the left earphone died. And it wasn't a cable issue as I switched the cable around and still had no sound coming from the left monitor. Quite a shame, as I'm sure it wasn't something on my part as I'm really careful around my electronics. Can't return as time's up for RMA.
These earphones are great for casual music listening in loud places and especially while running on the treadmill. I think it's important to point out that these really are designed to be live sound in ear monitors. I'm an audio engineer and must say, these earphones are pretty recognizable for their purpose by their distinctly clear low midrange. They really are versatile though. I first started buying these type of earphones for music because they were the only thing that sounded great and stayed in my ear really well while running. I did own a pair of SE115s but lost them and they don't make those anymore, but these are actually a little better. They have perfect sized drivers so the bass is finally "normal". Well as normal as these type of earphones will ever get. Cord noise while running is minimal and is hardly noticed after a few minutes. Great earphones, pick them up if you need something exceptional for active listening or live sound.
I will begin this review by stating that I am by no means an audiophile nor am I a demanding consumer when it comes to audio equipment.  I don't know all of the technical aspects of headphones and I rely greatly on what people are recommending v. me comprehending all of the technical specs of a product.  When I was in the market for a pair of headphones I had a few wants:1)  I wanted an in ear anal ear bud form2)  I didn't want full on noise canceling headphones, but I wanted most of the outside noise to be controlled for3)  I didn't want to spend an arm and a leg4)  I wanted them to lastWhen I received these headphones I was pleased on all fronts with their performance.  They sounded great and appeared to be everything I was looking for.  However after about 7 months the left ear bud began to crackle and slowly fade in volume.  Eventually the left ear bud stopped working altogether.  This was extremely disappointing to me as I had enjoyed their performance to date.  I ended up receiving another pair as a gift and the results were almost identical.  The performance started out great, but until about 6 months into the use of them, the volume in the same left ear bud began to crackle and fade away until it eventually stopped working completely.I am not sure if I am just unlucky enough to get two bunk pairs or if perhaps I am just losing hearing in my left ear.Because of the performance (or lack thereof) this non technical audiophile would not recommend this particular pair.
Awful build quality. They feel cheap, and both my headphones stopped playing any sound after less than two weeks of moderate use. Only used them sitting down at work, then coiled them up and put them in my pocket for a few weeks. Apparently that's too rough for these headphones to handle. Don't buy these if you want something that lasts.
These are my first set of in-ear monitors... and all I can say is *wow*! I've never heard any of the more high end monitors, but these certainly are worth the price tag. I am pretty big on audio clarity and tone and these deliver in all aspects (highs/mids/lows) of rock/metal music. They also work great on-stage when plugged into a monitor system.
Sound is great with these, with the caveat that if you are using a lower quality music player (such as many smartphones) these will also help you hear the deficiency of your music player.  They do a great job with noise isolation, so you can work in a noisy cafe without being distracted.  They also have about 2-3" of heavy-gauge wiring just next to the earbuds that stays in shape so you can bend the around your ear to keep them in place.
Using them as Aviom monitors on-stage every week. Good isolation, full bass, clear highs, good mids.,. there is no comparison between these and regular earbuds. Once levels and stereo placement of other group sends were set on aviom, it was great to set my guitar feed in the middle and let it roll. Also, these are comfortable, Only negative I can list is it takes a little effort to get them in and pull them out. Definitely a great bargain alternative to custom IEM's costing, after ear molds from an audiologist, $500.00 to $800.00 or more depending on your wallet (and ego...:) ). Also great to passively listen to music with, just realize that normal conversation is not an option while wearing these...wife thought I was ignoring her. For passive listening, recording reproduction is very pleasing, if not "studio monitor" accurate. Very sweet sound.
I entered a contest to win a couple of concert tickets and won these as a consolation prize. These were the best earphones I ever owned. The sound quality was superb and I could run in them without ever worrying about them falling off. They were comfortable enough for me to just put them on and forget about them. Unfortunately, I was being clumsy and careless with them and one of the buds broke beyond repair. When I came online to see about getting another pair I saw how expensive they were. These were more expensive than six of those tickets I was trying to win, so it was a heck of a prize while it lasted.
I evaluated many in-the-ear options before settling on the Shure line.  In fact I tried a few and each time, the cabling failed long before I thought it should.  Shure solved the failed cabling issue by making the cables reliable and user replaceable.  I've replaced the cable once in about 2 years.  Once you install these correctly with the proper seals, they work great at sealing out the environment while remaining comfortable for hours of use. I am considering a second pair to replace another brand who's cabling has failed and is not replaceable.  Recommended.
I was concern about the fit of this headphones but they fit nicely , comfortable and have a great sound  . I can easy recommend this unit.
For the money the best I've had without having the triple driver ones. Not as good as the ultimate ear triple driver I had but for less than half the price they are close.
I've had several sets of Shure ear buds.  The sound is always good and the noise isolation is effective too.  I am still pleased with the sound quality and noise isolation of these ear buds.  The problem for me is the shape.  They are kind of flat and nestle into the ear.  However, particularly in my right ear, they bump up against a bone and become uncomfortable in about 1 hour.  I'm sure they are fine for some people, but I wish Shure would return to the old ear bud shape.
This is my second pair.  The first set broke after a couple years but I sort of abused them.  The sound on these things is absolutely amazing, coming from a life of $20-30 headphones.The foam buds are very comfortable and excellent at isolating sound, it ships with three rubber sizes and three foam sizes.
I've tried Ultimate Ears 600, Sennheiser MM50, and Bose IE2 in-ear/earbuds and these Shure SE215-K headphones (Live Sound Monitor) are by far the best. The Bose earbuds are slightly more comfortable, but they just rest in the cup of your ear where the foam tips on these do a much better job of blocking out external noise and transmitting sound. That means the quality of the music really shines through. I'd like to balance this review out with some more cons, but "the Bose earbuds are slightly more comfortable" is as close to a negative as you're going to find here.The first thing I noticed out of the box was how well-built the cord is. All the above products had issues with frayed cords in the span of about 9-12 months. I've only had these about two months so it's not a totally fair comparison yet, but I can't see them falling apart any time soon.The second thing I noticed was how fantastically awesome they sounded. I put on my Classical for Work Radio from Pandora and immediately heard details in the highs and the subtleties of play that I haven't heard in any headset since my beloved Bose triports.It's a bit of trial and error finding the right size tips to use for comfort and sound. Fortunately they include small, medium, and large tips in both rubber and foam. The rubber tips seem to have a softer feel than the foam, but they tend to make my ears sweat a bit more, so I stick with the foam tips. The foam tips do a wonderful job of regulating temperature for me. I wear these pretty much all day at work, to the gym, and on into my evening reddit/youtube browsing and I find the only time I have to take them out is to participate in conversation, never for discomfort. Don't be afraid to mix and match sizes--I found I get the best sound and comfort when I use a large on the left side and a medium on the right.Finally, the padded case provided in the package is fantastic. Mine came with a little carabiner which makes it a simple thing to clip on and carry with. It also has a tidy little inside pocket for carrying the extra tips and the included cleaning tool.All in all, if you're on the fence about purchasing these, I'd encourage you to just do it. I love these headphones.
I had got these headphones about a month ago and these sound unlike anything I've ever heard! The review these have gotten are true to their word. I've owend many headphones throughout the years and I can honestly say theses are my best buys so far. I like the detachable cables so if the cable has a short just replace the cable and not the whole thing. One thing I would recommend is buy a set of triple flang ear tips as they make a perfect pair!
These are great sounding in-ear monitors. The sound quality is outstanding. Figuring out how to put them on is not  easy. There are several "cushions" included for proper fit - trying a few to get the right comfort and sound is critical. One type [expandable] I tried felt good; but after wearing for an hour were VERY uncomfortable .... switching to another type worked perfectly. I use these for listening to recorded music and also for live sound with a band - they work well for both. As you'd expect from Shure - these are high quality and well-built earphones. My previous monitors were Ultimate Ears that boasted of strong low end ... they were good but not nearly as good as the Shure, The Shure monitors carry the whole spectrum without overly coloring the sound. I plan on using these for a long time.
the foam ear piece is a big problem, frankly too much of an effort to wear. I'm sure it gets easier over time.Sound quality is awesome, ONLY IF IT FITS.Changing the foam ear pieces is quite difficult too.
After 10 years of using the same in ear isolation monitors for drumming (M-Audio $150 comparable in ear monitors), they finally died. So, I bought the Shure SE215-K's, and I have to say that they isolate way better then the M-Audios. They are very bassy, almost too much, but if you roll off the bottom end a little, they sound great.4 stars (and not 5) because of the bass issue. Plus the flexible portion of the wire coming directly off the ear piece that you wrap around the top of your ear isn't quite long enough, they would be more comfortable if they were a little longer. And lastly, the little rubber sheath that you can move/cinch up on the L/R wires is very hard to move, almost to the point of risking causing damage to the wire fittings.
The sound quality is great and the isolation is good too.  Though I must say that I am not fond of earbud types, it is little bit uncomfortable for long time use.
Those giant bose in their carrying case take up SO much room in your carry-on, don't they? Well these are your new airplane solution. The foam part that goes in your ear is made of earplug material, so you squish it and it does its part to block noise without being this huge thing on top of your ear. They pack up compact and are my new favorite traveler's secret. When I am playing music or podcasts on my phone with the normal white iphone style headphones (not even on an airplane!) I have to turn my volume all the way up. When I am listening to music on a noisy airplane with these headphones I have my volume one click above silent - that's how noise isolating these are. I love them. I know they're a little pricey but compared to the fancy bose they're a bargain.
I'm a big fan of Shure products, and this pair of headphones is no exception.  The sound fidelity is excellent, I'd say they probably sound better than any set I've ever had.  I have a pair of over-ear Beats Pro (Detox) that I got as a gift, and in my opinion, though being half the price, these sound twice as good.  The low range is great, bass is deep when you want it to be, and they get plenty loud with no distortion.  I like foam earbuds, and the ones included fit very well and reduce environment sound by a lot.  Standing on the subway platform, I sometimes get startled by trains approaching because I don't hear them coming until they pass me.I rely a lot on my headphones due to my NYC commute, taking buses and subways.  It's very noisy.  These headphones truly are great, and worth every penny.The only thing I'm not 100% fond of is the over-ear wire thing.  It works great, and I get it, but sometimes I wish they were just regular earbuds because they can be difficult to put in at times.  Not difficult, just a little weird.  Once they're in, though, you have to physically take them out.  They won't fall.  I have had no issues with them to date.
Been searching for years for comfortable great fitting small headphones that didn't compromise sound for size! These little buds have it all! Someone recommended the Bose and I found those too tinny, little bass and I'm not someone who likes a lot of bass. A twenty dollar pair of Sony's came with high recommendations and couldn't try those so I took the plunge. Would have done just as well to tear up a twenty dollar bill and flush in the crapper! They were the worse ever with maximum distortion and no bass at all! Shure has just enough of everything, well balanced, crisp and clear sound! I am most pleased and would highly recommend these to anyone!
I bought these headphones to replace 8 year-old Shure E2c's, and I've now had them for about a year.  Despite sounding amazing, I'm ultimately not able to use them as often as I'd like due to two major flaws.  Without these flaws they would be 5 stars like my E2c's.  With them they're only 3 stars.Here's a list of the pros and cons from my experience.Pros-As with the E2c's, the SE215's produce beautiful, balanced sound (if you're looking for unnatural bass look elsewhere).-The silicone sleeves work just as well as the foam ones, but don't require that you hurriedly squish the foam and jam them in your ears in order to get a good fit.-They stay in place even when moving vigorously.-The cord is the perfect length for me.-The sound isolation is exceptional.Cons-The plug is very large (1cm diameter), and I have to take the bumper off of my phone in order to use these headphones.*The right headphone went dead at about 9 months which Sure replaced under warranty.  The replacement process took 3 weeks.*The killer for me, though, is the deafening "booming" I hear whenever I take a step with these in.  Going for a walk as I try to listen to a podcast is basically the podcast competing with the "BOOM-BOOM-BOOM" as my feet strike the ground, and that's with foam-soled running shoes on!  To get an idea of what this is like, stick your fingers in your ears and go for a walk.  It's nearly that bad.The bottom line: if you're looking for a set of headphones that you can wear at your desk, then these are great.  Just don't exercise in them, and make sure you have a backup pair for when you need to have warranty work done!
Excellent sound, comfortable and cool looking! Thanks, I was going to use it mainly to block noise while studying and it worked!
I decided to upgrade to a more expensive product when my Apple headphones stopped working and I chose these. I wish that I could go back and just get Apple headphones again. These are not comfortable and the sound is not much better. Not great!
I had got these headphones about a month ago and these sound unlike anything I've ever heard! The review these have gotten are true to their word. I've owend many headphones throughout the years and I can honestly say theses are my best buys so far. I like the detachable cables so if the cable has a short just replace the cable and not the whole thing. One thing I would recommend is buy a set of triple flang ear tips as they make a perfect pair!
Bought these earphones to replace another set of Shures whose cables spontaneously shed the insulation, leaving 2 very thin wires exposed to each earphone. The new earphones have cables that are much thicker, and probably won't flake off like the first ones did. However, the insulation is so stiff that it's hard to position the earphone in your ear. Also any movement of your head can cause the earphones to shift in the ear canal, intermittently blocking the sound in that ear. Otherwise, the sound is good if you can keep the earphones in place.
Absolutely fantastic.Best in-ear headphones I have ever come across-- great detail in the whole range of frequencies. Fits comfortably and, most importantly, the isolation is superb. This set has better isolation than most studio monitoring headsets I've tried.
Love the sound. I've had several versions of these headphones over many years, having bought each subsequent model as they've updated the design. This one delivers as expected in many ways - most notably the audio, which is probably the most important aspect. There are a couple of disappointments, however.One flaw is that they are just not very easy to get around the ears and into the ear canal. They have a stiff sheath along the few inches of cord nearest to the buds which does not mold easily to the shape of the ear. I understand what they were trying to do - presumably they wanted to give that section some sturdiness so that the cord would mold nicely and stay in place - but the execution produced the opposite of the desired effect, actually making it harder to get the cord to hook around the ear and stay put.Moreover, because of the substantial plastic casing around the electronics, the buds don't fit in my ears very squarely, and the positioning is easily disrupted by any contact. Any pressure on the bulky outside of the buds - such as from a pillow or even a headband when it's cold - can cause the fit to be distorted, the foam to collapse, and the sound to be muted. Not ideal.I'll continue to use these headphones and I'm not in a hurry to replace them, but they are not as well-designed as previous Shure models, and when it is time to buy again, I will research other options.
Great earphones which I use constantly. Sound quality is definitely amazing. I suggest when you try to get those factory buds off, work from the bottom. You must get a very good grip and when you try to pull them off try to twist a bit as well. For some reason that tricked worked for me and I'm a guy so I don't have cool fingernails like the ladies. Other than that they work perfectly, look great, and just take some time getting used to(weird shape). Also, another tip for when you put them on. If you want to be really snug in your ear, take your hand opposite to the earbud your going to put on and lift the tip of your ear while you place the ear-bud in. This trick worked like a charm for me so I'm just sharing some random tips. Well, I highly recommend these earphones. Their very popular among artist and you can't beat the quality! Enjoy everyone, I'm "shure" you will!
I was disappointed for a while that this product wasn't available on Amazon Global but recently a friend came back from the US so I asked him to bring it back for me.I must say it was worth the wait.  These earphones are really solidly built - the cables are thick, heavy and long enough for the rowing machine (putting the phone on the floor).  The sound is rich and natural sounding.  I use them over a mix of audiobooks, pop, rock, hip hop - it handles everything well.  Of course, the sound would assumably be even better with the higher end Shures but you'd have to pay several multiples of this (you can see from all my reviews that I have a strong value bias).  For this price, I'd say this beats the Ultimate Ears 600s and are now the ones I like to reach for to enjoy my music.I think one thing that really helps are the foam tips - it forms a very good seal, making the music even more immersive.  I wonder why not more manufacturers ship their earphones with foam tips?
I like the sound quality very much, but I used them for running and sweat corroded the wire connectors by the ears.
Let me start out by saying that the Shure SE215 saved me. I've been having a lot of problems with my recordings and finding the right monitor balance because my headsets just don't block out enough noise and my other pair of earbuds don't stay in. These earbuds block out a lot more noise than I expected, the lows/highs balance is perfect, and you can't yank these out. Once they're in, they're in. I highly recommend these.My one and only problem with these is changing out the sleeves. I haven't take off the medium black foam sleeves that came already on these things because I was afraid of breaking them. It seems that if I go to change them, they won't come off. I really don't want to break these and put 100 dollars down the drain. I'm happy with the sleeves that are on there now but if I ever need to change them, it may be a problem. I would appreciate comments on the best way to remove the sleeves without breaking the earbuds. Thanks.
These headphones provide fantastic isolation, and very directed sound.  When I take them out, even if they're blasting, you can barely hear the music coming out of them.  Well, in my office.  YMMV, of course.
Firstly this pair of earphones are rather comfortable. They fit very nicely flush into your ears so using them while lying down on your sides is not a problem (something that I do quite often). This is compared to the UE triple-fi 10 which really sticks out and makes you look really weird too.Sound quality wise they are pretty much one of the best in this price range. They are not flat or neutral sounding, the sound is slightly coloured, more towards the bass side of things but I feel that that makes it a good pair of casual earphones as flat sounding earphones tend to get fatiguing to use after awhile. So if you're not an audio professional and just using this for your daily commute it does a fine job.However if you're the running with music person this is not the pair of earphones you want to wear while exercising. Even though the removable cables make it easier to change cables that have worn out, the connectors between the cables and the earphones are another point of failure that has been introduced. Sweat can get in easily to wreak havoc with your earphones and I have a pair that suffered a loose connection but Shure's warranty took care of that nicely.The cable's 3.5mm jack is also L-shaped and kind of large so if you happen to use it with your phone that has a case with a tight opening for the audio jack it might not be able to fit.Despite some shortcomings I still believe that for this price this are the earphones to get. In fact I've gotten an additional 2 pairs as gifts for friends and the feedback has been very positive.
I had been using the previous version of these with the short cord and a Shure microphone extension for about three years.  Unfortunately, the right earpiece stopped working, so I ordered this one with the replacement microphone and controller for iPhones.  The design whereby the cord attaches directly to the earpiece should mean that one will not need to throw away the entire headset when a wire frays.  It uses the same replacement inserts as the previous one (good, since I still have a dozen of them), and inserts in the ear the same way, except that it lies flatter.  For me, the medium insert cuts out some ambient sound, but I can still hear enough that it is safe to use while walking outside. The sound quality is more than adequate for mp3's and internet streaming (the only things for which I have used them).
I use them on BART and they are perfect for my commute. I can still hear some outside noises, which is okay, but the sound quality is better than any headphones I have ever had.
These earbuds are well-priced, have nice sound insulation options, and most importantly provide excellent sound.  The bass response is a bit more accentuated than some may like, but it can easily be EQed down, and it isn't boomy or sloppy.
Best headphone I have ever owned.Highest quality sound for under $100 !!!!!No other manufactures come close to Shure.
I couldn't ask for more for this product. I love it so much. The sound quality is the best for its line. However, for the first time user you will find it's hard to put in your ear due to its unique model. I love it especially for studying. The voice isolation works really well.
I do not bother to write too many reviews, but this product is outstanding.  I am an audiophile and enjoy great sound with headphones, speakers and an awesome JL stereo in my car.  I am not an expert in earphones.  I have purchased many earphones, especially for my 16 hour flights to Seoul, I am amazed at these Sure Earphones, they are amazing.  I hear details I have heard in no other format.  I do not know how they compare to other brands at this price, but I can tell you they are worth every penny.  I am going to save up for some of the higher end Shure earphones just to see what else I am missing.
Love the sounds produced by the SE215. Very well balanced and the Bass is not too heavy but still packs a punch.I would say it is one of the best earphones in the under $100 group.Only thing to consider is the unusually long cables that comes with the SE215. I aint very tall so when im using the SE215 with my phone, the excess cables can be a hassle.But if you dont have a problem with cable length, i highly recommend getting the Shure SE215
I love the way these headphones fit. I can bike, run with no problems. Also these headphones perfect for subway commute as they block all noise. I would not recommend using them while biking in the city or any area that you may need to listen out for your surroundings. Bass quality is great on trance and rap tracks; however, it can be distorted when I listed to Rammstein.
After my old Shure buds bit the dust (the cord cracked and there was exposed wire), I tried buying 2 different buds.  The Klipsch and Beats.  Neither came close in highs and lows.  The noise isolation is great, which is important to me.  I want to hear the music, not background noise.  I highly recommend Shure buds!
I've had all kinds of headphones, from the etimotic, to Ultimate Ears, and these are awesome at a great prices.  Bass is great.
I regret so much for buying these headphones... Now I have to re-download all my music in FLAC because these headphones give so much detail that they make my 320 bit songs sound like crap...
I really like these.  Really solid seal for isolation - you won't hear anything around you.  I use them when flying and usually can't hear anything around me including the overhead announcements.  My only complaint would be that the foam pieces are extremely difficult to get off.  I haven't been able to remove mine to try a different size ... everything attempt I've had, I have felt like I was going to break them.  Other than that, very good sound quality and overall great product.
Awesome equipment. Shure comes thru again. These are the only earphones that I've tried (and I've tried plenty) that provide the comfort, fit and sound quality that an earphone should have.
These earphones are great (really good sound and isolation), but they weren't made to last, that's for sure. Mine came with a minor problem, that I noticed the first time I put it on (right earphone was failing). As I live in Brazil, I had to live with the problem since a RMA would take a huge time. Now exactly 4 months since I bought it, the right side is completely dead. No sound at all... Too bad for a product that costs US$ 99,00. Next time I will stay with Bose (the ones I had before SE215-K, unfortunately I lost them on a plane).Now all I can do is wait a hell of a time for the RMA !!!True story folks, think twice before buying !
This is the 2nd pair of these headphones I have gotten. I had to return the 1st pair because the one ear phone was going in and out. I got the 2nd pair and after a few months the one ear phone is completely dead. Very disappointing to only be able to get a few months of usage considering these headphones are pretty expensive.
Really good quality, sounds amazing, if you use with Fiio E6 or E12 sounds incredible clear and decent quality. Buy one you can't go wrongOnly part which may other new buyers needs to watch out is how the ear pears sits inside your ear some May found. really uncomfortable, but works excellent for me.Over all I will give 9/10 for this product.
If your an audiophile, this is the best headphone in its price range! The clarity is incredible! The details are definable from its 22.5Hz to 17.5kHz. I am a musician and I wear these daily in the moments of when I'm in transit.If I could change one thing, I do wish it had a highs extending to 20kHz, but nonetheless, totally satisfied with these.
First off, these earphones are great sounding.  Good bass and a very accurate reproduction of the music that I listen to when I drum. The only reason for three stars is that the sound isolating ear tips don't stay in my ears when I'm drumming.  I've tried different sizes and different combinations of ear tips, but haven't really been able to remedy the situation.  They're a bit clumsy to put into my ears and for whatever reason the right earphone consistently falls out.  If you use these to simply listen to music, they'll be fantastic.  For drum-along, they didn't work for me very well.
For my application I could give these a 4+ but the lows aren't really there so overall, they're a 3. I use them for vocals only and the band has to "pass thru" since they aren't in the monitor mix. The result- I can here the band and my drums clearly although the volume is lower and and I can control how much vocal I get in my ears. As a plus, I'm able to lower the overall volume to my ears. If the band were in the monitor mix, I think I would want something with a little more low end response, but for this very specialized application, they are perfect, especially at this price point.
Few notable things:1. One pet peeve of mine is cheap headphones where everyone around you has to listen to what you're playing on your headphones. These Shure's don't have that problem. It has to be ridiculously loud for a person sitting right next to me to even hear a hint of sound. (even in a quiet room)2. They are not very intuitive in how to place in your ears -- know that there is a semi hard wire that loops over the ear and the earbud swivels into place or just read the directions.3. These are a lot like wearing earplugs and like earplugs it will pull every little bit of earwax out with them. So, keep your ears clean and it's probably a good idea to have some alcohol wipes to clean them up after use.
Great sound quality when working correctly.  The problem is that if you use these working out they need constant cleaning.  Never really got a true fit out of these and they lasted 18 months before one of the ears stopped working.  The ability to change cables seems to create additional problems.  I bought them for $100 and thought I would get more out of them.  They are not water resistent in the least bit.  Overall I would rate these as fair.  I refuse to pay more then $100 for any earbuds since the mark up on these product is so significant.
Exceeded my expectations and more comfortable than my other sets of in ear headphones. Deep but realistic sound.Be sure to follow instructions on wearing earphones carefully.
i use these in ear monitors mostly while riding my motorcycle and they replaced my SE210's which bit the dust.  Overall I have to say I liked the SE210's better, but of course they are discontinued so I thought I would try their replacement the SE 215 which were acutally a lttle cheaper.The SE210's were a bit more comfortable and I believe had slightly better sound.  The SE215's have a more robust cord which was a negative on the 210's.  The cord is also easily detachable in case it breaks, but is a one piece design instead of the two piece design of the 210's  I liked that I could unplug the cord of the 210's in the middle of the cord instead of at the device input.  Gave more felexibility for using.As for the sound, they sound very good, but like i said, I thought their predessesor had better sound quality and were a little more comfortable.Overall I give it 4 stars out of 5.
For a while I had the Klipsch S4 earbuds, and I was perfectly content until the left ear gave out.  I debated whether I should 'upgrade' or pick up a new pair of S4s.  In the end, I decided to go with these Shure SE215s, and they do not disappoint!  I was skeptical if I would notice a difference from the S4s, especially given their high ratings. I'm glad to report, there certainly is a difference.The high notes are crisp and the lows are perfectly balanced, with a hearty bass.  Best of all, I'm noticing nuances in the music that I have not heard before.  These are a great pair of in-ear monitors, I highly recommend.
With the first time that I put these earbuds on and turned on the Ipod, I was hooked.  I have also used them as stage monitors in a band.  No complaints, well worth the price.
Great sound and perfect for travel.  They're small so they pack away nice and block out surrounding sound especially when you put music through them.  Skip the microphone option... it's really hard to use these as phone headsets because you can't hear yourself speak and/or know how loud you're talking.I would recommend for music lovers and people that spend a lot of time in the air!
Most days, these are in my ears more than not. They have great sound and I find them very comfortable. When I lost my first pair I didn't even consider shopping around for a different model.
I've owned these for about a month now.  I use them daily at work, and I have to say, I LOVE them.  The sound quality is amazing.  Like others have said, I hear things in my music now that I did not before.  Of course, I was coming from the cheap Samsung ear buds that game with my Galaxy S III, but I don't think this invalidates my point.As far as fit, once you get the hang of putting them in (there is a learning curve if you're coming from standard buds), you can pop them in and out with no problem and when they're in, they're IN.  They don't move around at all and the rigid part of the cord helps as it serves as an ear hook of sorts.I do have to agree with the previous reviewer on my ears getting tired out.  Because these block out a lot of ambient noise (they might as well be noise-cancelling - people have had "conversations" with me that I have not heard while listening through these), your ears do get tired out after a while.  I LOVE music and I LOVE listening to it for hours on end; but I definitely do feel some level of relief when I pull them out of my ears after long listening sessions.  They have been great for my needs though - they block out most, if not all of the noise around me (namely, my co-workers' conversations) so that I can focus on my work.I'm also a musician, and I'm hoping to get to try these out in a live sound application at some point; I just haven't played anywhere that has an in-ear monitor system.So here's the breakdown:PROS:Clear, balanced soundBuild QualityNice zippered case with a big "Shure" label so people know you mean business when it comes to your music listening.CONS:Learning curve with learning how to put them in (It's a short one).Tired ears after extended use.I'd ABSOLUTELY buy these again, but I guess time will tell how they hold up.
I see lots of reviews calling these headphones or something similar. People saying how they don't work while jogging and such. Evidently these folks don't understand the purpose of these buds.These are made by Shure. In case you're not familiar, this company makes musical equipment like studio headphones and microphones. They produce the industry standard dynamic mic, the SM58. As a professional musician I own many of their products from microphones to these earbuds. These are intended to be used as personal monitors onstage. They work with a wireless system so a musician can hear his/her voice and instrument in their ears while performing. They are not meant to be used while jogging, driving, working, etc.Shure is known throughout the world for reliability of their products. I have seen the SM58 run over by a bus and still function flawlessly (I have pictures!). These buds perform well if used as intended. They will take a measure of abuse but anything will fail if misused. It's not the fault of the product but the user.Just setting the record straight.
These sound great. I don't have golden ears, but I believe I can at least partly tell the difference between good and bad headphones/earbud. I loved my last pair, sony buds that I only replaced because the cord finally gave in after probably 6 or 7 years.The complaints about putting these in are founded, but honestly, if you spend a little time practising, it's not complicated and you can find easier ways. Sometimes I'll put the cord over the ear first, then fold the bud into the canal. Other time, the opposite. I tug on my lobe with the thumb and ring finger and use my index finger to apply pressure on the body of the plug to seat it in my canal.I do run with these in. They block a lot of sound, but not everything. I' pretty hyper vigilant about my surrounding when I'm running, so I'm usually very aware anyway. I wear them to listen to music while working in the workshop and it turned the quite loud combination of my radial arm saw + shop vac into an EXTREMELY manageable background sound, and I could still hear my son yell at me to shut it off when he wanted to ride his bike in the garage - all without taking away too much from the music.In less than perfect settings, like resting my head against a pillow (or car seat) they do start to hurt a bit after about an hour. General wear, however, hasn't really had that effect.The cord doesn't tangle remotely as much as my previous pair, but I hope to keep up the habit of winding them and putting them in the pouch that comes with them.I got the "black", but they are transparent black. I'd rather opaque, but really, it's not a big deal.I do sometimes wish the distance between the "Y" where the L/R cords connect was a little longer, again, it's not bothered me enough to dock points, really.I'd actually give a 4.5/5 but don't feel the need to take away an entire star.(Update)7 months it made it without a hitch. Then the right side started to flake on me. I have to contort the wire and get lucky to get sound, which usually stays fine until I remove them and have to do it again the nest time I use them. I'll be returning to Shure for a replacement, but I have to say that my previous Sony pair, with near daily use, lasted 6-7 YEARS without issue, so this bothers me. I'm certain Shure will replace at least the cable, otherwise I'd be dropping more than the one star I took off. I'll update if I have other issues with the replacement process or otherwise.
Maybe I'm slow since most people gave these headphones a favorable review but I think these headphones are awful. They're uncomfortable and the sound quality isn't that good. Maybe I didn't get it in right because they did easily come out but headphones shouldn't take more than 15min to put in. My ears were literally hurting from messing with these to fit in my ear. I tried different sized ear pieces as well since usually the small size is the one that fits best. I've tried numerous mid/high quality headphones right around this price and up and I can say with confidence that for $99 these are definitely not worth it.
The headphones are great for noise isolation.  I use them while on the bus and they allow me to listen to my music at a low volume and not needing to have it at full blast to listen like with other headphones.  Also they don't make any cable noise for when working out.  The only thing to watch out for is that they may be way too isolating to the point where I miss conversations behind my back or people trying to get my attention.  Overall I reall recommend this product for anyone looking for a great pair of headphones.  One small thing to watch out for is the strange way to put them in place on your ears since it is a bit ackward at first
I use these for drums and every day listening. They work great. I would be interested in seeing a frequency graph for these, because the range and decibel limit accross all frequencies is really high. These ARE studio monitoring headphones, after all. Anyone who says that these "have enough bass but not too much" isn't using a good MP3 player, because I am using the Poweramp app on my phone and the bass will go go as high as you want. Enough to shake your eardrums and give you an instant headache, with zero distortion! I turned it up just to test it, and didn't last long. The high power mid range compliments the thunderous bass. High end is crystal clear. They are also durable. 10/10, would buy again, and recommend.Note: I experienced distortion while using my 5 year old iPod Classic but absolutely none while using my phone.
Honestly worth every penny, sound canceling is amazing, the in ear security is flawless and the part of that is the most susceptible to damage(the cord) is replaceable.
These travel everywhere with me. On a motorcycle between cities they are the best, and no rain has ever been able to cause a problem.
I will never buy another brand of headphones! These are amazing. I use them daily at work to block out distracting noise. The noise cancelling ability of these headphones make it possible to play music at low volume and not hear people talking in the next cube.
These were recommended by a friend as I was looking for earbuds that would reduce noise while I was outside.This product acts like an earplug with soft, form fitting cushions on the inner ear piece. There were several different sizes included with the package. I had to change from the medium size down to the small size, and removal the ear cushion was a bit difficult as it was very snug on the earbud.Once I had the earbud seated properly in my ear, then the sound just blossomed! It may take a few tries to find the most comfortable fit for you, but it really does help reduce outside noise and gives you great sound for your podcasts and music.NOTE: Some persons have recommended the EATFL1-6 Triple Flange Sleeves for SE model earphones product, since many persons have difficulty using the original inner ear cushion on the earbuds.
See my review on my Shure EATFL1 earbud sleeves.  These replace my good long time use earbuds and I am just as happy as I was with those pro units.  Relativrly inexpensive and top quality sound.  As a rock musician and a drummer these are everything I need to hear the bassist and the chimes and everything in between.  Used with the sleeves they fit so much better and stay in place, however they remove easily.
Through a couple of Apple iPhones, a Samsung Android phone, an iPad and Nexus 7 tablet I've kept searching for the perfect in-ear monitors with an integrated microphone. The earbuds shipped with the devices fell out of my ears in seconds. And the inexpensive replacements I tried sounded so bad I dropped them in the garbage.I finally got a pair of V-Moda's to fit and sound decent. But the microphone was just okay for phone calls. Then, after a while, one side started losing low end. A couple of weeks later the volume of that side was about half of the good side.I tried the Bowers & Wilkins C5's and they sounded pretty good but they never were comfortable for an extended time. The worst thing was they kept turning the volume down on my Android phone at random times. Every now and then some head movement would trigger the mute button. I couldn't just relax and enjoy the music.Then I realized that I'd made a classic mistake. I'd tried to get a tool to do more than one job well and was disappointed when it did not happen.I'm a media producer with over 35 years experience in audio and video production. I use headphones and in-ear systems for monitoring audio during video production, checking mixes in post-production, monitoring audio during online calls, and listening for pleasure on weekends.I dropped the idea of using my in-ear monitors for anything other than listening. I kept reading about the Shure SE215's and decided to give them a try.Out of the box they had a pleasing, balanced sound. In fact, they sounded better brand new than some units I'd burned in for hours. And they not only fit my ears, they stayed where I put them.They become almost invisible after a couple of minutes. I'm talking about the audio field disappearing as well as the physical fit. The music just happens and it's so silky smooth it makes me smile.Yes, you will need to try different sleeves to find what fits you. And the sleeves are difficult to remove at first.Yes, you might want to find a youtube video showing you how to put them on correctly. It makes a huge difference when they are seated properly with the cables over your ears.Yes, they block almost all the sound in the room. That's what they are designed to do. That's why musicians on stage like to wear them. I need that, too, when I use them in a production environment.Just make sure you get the left and right monitors in the correct ears. I switched them once by accident and couldn't believe how much difference it made when I had them on the correct sides.If you're like me and want a pair of comfortable, affordable, accurate in-ear monitors that just sound great then I highly recommend the SE215's. I paid $99 for them here on Amazon and they are one of the best audio purchases I've made in a long time.
I had these headphones for about 2 months before i broke them on accident (it was my fault not the headphones) but while i had the sound for rock,jazz,classical and country were good but for electronic songs like skrillex,tiesto,etc they sounded really bad, i wouldn't recommend this if you want to listen to electronic songs or rap
My experience with Shure SE215-K and the Bose IE2I have owned the Bose IE2 earphones for over 2 years and had them replaced twice. The bose earphones are okay but after 6+ months they start to wear very fast. The wire had wear and tear 8 months in from purchase date (authorized dealer) and I had to have them warrantied.I still own them but decided to buy new earphones because the quality on the earphones started to die out and then wire got really bad again. This time I was out of luck cause the warranty period ended 9 months ago. I used the Bose IE2 daily and it served its purpose. Back then, I was suckered in by Bose advertising and got their product. After looking at many online reviews, I started to wonder if Bose really lived up to their name and quality. So that's when I started to look at new earphones to buy and landed me here.Please note warranty periods: Bose - 1 Year VS Shure SE215 - 2 Year. To have a valid warranty make sure you buy directly from Amazon.com LLC. If not, you risk buying a non-authorized one without warranty.After reading many reviews and thinking about the price ($100), I have decided to go with these(Shure SE215-K).When I received the product, I was happy to un-box them and compare them to my Bose IE2 earphones. At first, it took some getting used putting them in my ear but I figured it out within 5 minutes. I plugged them into my phone ( Samsung Galaxy S4 ) and started to test out multiple songs. Surprisingly the bass was a lot better than Bose and WAY MORE sound isolation. I had another person compare them and they came up with the same conclusion. They are not super earphones like the 400$+ ones but they do get the job done if your looking for decent earphones.The only DOWNSIDE to this product, in my opinion, is the shape of the wire around the ear. If the wire was just straight down like other brands, I would absolutely love it. This may be one factor to which you may not like the product so please consider that before buying. I am still getting used to the shape around the ear but I believe over time I will conform to it.Also a huge plus to this product is the detachable wire. If you ever rip the wire due to accident or any other reason, you can just buy another wire on Amazon near $20-$30. So after your warranty period ends and an accident happens, you can be sure to stay in the okay. Unlike Bose IE2, which are totally useless now due to my wire accident.
The plastic around the jack is too fat for use with a Nexus 4 that has a bumper on it. I'm really disappointed about that because I loved my Shure SE110 headset, and I was looking forward to this replacement. I'm returning these because they are useless with my current phone.
Loved my last pair of Shures so much, I decided  on another pair after trying other less expensive options.  None of them do such a good job of noise isolation as the Shures,  period.  And the sound quality is very nicely balanced, not too bright,  not too boomy,  just right.  And the replaceable cables make these the very best value hands down.  No buyers remorse here.
Bought these to use with my church's sound system on stage. Great sound, much better than my previous pair of in ear monitors at the same price point. It takes getting used to before you can throw them in your ear quickly
Effective on the airplane.  I also like the sound quality of these SE215-CL, but after I wear them for a long time my ears begin to hurt.  Additionally the way the ergonomics work on these headphones the wire has to wrap around your ear.  I find that it never really stays fully in place, especially if your the type that has an active lifestyle. I find myself constantly fidgeting around with the wire to get it in the right place.
I spent a solid 15 minutes trying to figure out how to even wear these things, and when I finally were able to get them in, they were very uncomfortable.  After that, I plugged them into my iPod and there was just static sound unless I held the cord in a certain way.  The package did not come with a receipt or an adhesive return label, causing an even more inconvenience.
40hz to 1 Khz, Flat.  20hz: - 4db.  2Khz: + 2db. 3Khz: + 10db.  6Khz:  + 6db.  7Khz:  - 4db.  8 KHz: - 10 db.  10 KHz:- 20db.  This response pretty much agrees with what one hears - excellent lows with midrange boosted but rolled off high end.
To all the drummers...If you're looking for an inexpensive way to have in ear monitors for purposes of playing to a click (and also for vocal monitoring purposes) these buds are great. When inserted correctly, Isolation is comparable to the roll up foam 32db ear plugs I have been using live for many years to protect my hearing in a VERY LOUD stage volume band. These buds have excellent isolation and make playing to a click live very easy.
Tried 2 pairs in less then a week (prime)first pair  wire at can failed cut in and out ..second pair after an hour of use left side got very scratchie heavy bass now I have 2 boxes to return.Shure SE215  PHOOEY!
I am speechless! If you want to listen to the music you must buy one, and if you just want to hear the music don't buy them, seriously, you will just complain about something not right...... I am glad to spend $100 for a QUALITY! Absolutely Love them !!!
These are not very naturally fitting headphones, having to adjust the earpiece each time you put them on, and multiple times for active wear like gym sessions. After ~2 months of normal use, the right side earpiece intermittently stopped working, then a week later broke altogether.
I am very happy with these.  My SCL2 series cord actually cracked and I sent them in to get serviced.  Long story short, I received these pairs from Shure.  I am so happy with these.  The buds that come with these are much better than the ones with the SCL2.  I am using the expanding foam ones.  The first time I used them, they expanded and blocked out the noise.  What this meant was much better Bass and clarity.  I am a drummer, so using these was incredible.  The sound is really clear.  As I drum, I hear minimal sounds from the kit and more from the monitors.I recommend these for musicians.  One reviewer said that it was a bad thing that they isolated the sound around you.  That means they are doing their job.  If you want earphones that bleed the outside noise, then, buy cheaper models, or use the buds that don't use the expansion foam.I would've given these 5 stars, but the only thing I am skeptical with is that the cord close to the ear buds are very stiff and you have to bend them to conform around your ear and back of your head.  I just think that eventually, these too will begin to crack, but we'll see.  Maybe that is why they designed them to bend is so that it protects it from cracking.  But, that will be determined in the future.I recommend these monitors for musicians and as a drummer, I can tell you, these work very, very well.  Recording or live performances.  I use them in both scenarios and they work incredible.
Love the sounds of these headphones. The only complaint I have is if the plug twists in the jack slightly there is a brief sound disconnect. I've observed this on some other higher-quality headphones/earphones, so maybe it's to be expected.
I've had these for 6 monthsvery durable - detachable cable is great, have not needed to replace yet thoughgreat sound quality and very good sound isolation!I'm sticking with Shure
I am traveling around the country a lot.  I use these for music or when I am watching a movie on my tablet.  The sound is excellent.  The base is very nice without being overpowering.  I used to use the very popular over the ear noise cancelling head phones, but set them on the shelf years ago.  These are easy to carry.  I don't need an extra carrying case to bring on a plane.  They fit fine in my pocket or laptop bag.  I don't feel like I am loosing anything on sound.
The sound isolating part was great, the sound was pretty clear too. However they got dirty and the left earbud stopped working after light usage... I am very disappointed.
shure has the sound i like. replaces a  broken set and the sound still impresses.  worth looking into imho that is.
The quality is great and the fit and the form is very good, i like these audios because the sounds is really good.
Love everything about these buds.  Yes, they may take a little bit of time to find what size fits your ear.  But once you do.....beautiful sound.  Used to use Klipsch S4 and S4i, but they had durability issues (my only real qualm with them actually).  But these buds step up the sound quality (just a tad, but it's noticeable, especially in highs and the overall body of the sound is just deeper and more pronounced).  The Shure's come in with a bit more weight, but feel much more sturdy.  Good $100 replacement, very happy I moved from my Klipsch
I've used like Shure products for the last 10 years or so. I like to mainly use these while working out because of the way they are worn (loop over back of the ear) as they prevent then from pulling out if the cord is yanked. These are pretty good although I like the older ones (fit) better for some reason. The cord is very long - a bit too long in my opinion as it sometimes gets in the way. Good sound for shure. :) Good seal too.
I used to have the Shure e2c... these are much better sounding for the same price, and seem more durable.Sound isolation is superb.  (so don't use these while jogging)I had the klipsch s4, which were pure garbage in every way (reliability, sound) compared to the se215.Shure has gotten it right.  If you have $99 in your budget for in-ears, get these, you won't regret it.
contains really good sound. It display the music as I hear it in the concert. Love it~ Thank you~. .
Pros:- Great fit- Terrific sound- Nice clarity- Extremely effective noise cancellationCons:- Somewhat inconvenient to put on & take off- Sound isn't as balanced as I'd like, leans towards bass- Extremely effective noise cancellation
I bought these because I read reviews that outside noise was minimized and the design held the ear plugs in place.  While the noise was reduced significantly, I did not find it as "noise cancelling" as some reviewers.  However, it was sufficient enough that I was very satisfied with the results.  Comfort was also good once you get the hang of plugging the buds and wrapping the wires.Highly recommended.
This item fits in my ear very well and cuts out a lot of the heavy engine noise that surrounds me.The Shure SE215-K Monitors work great at blocking out ambient sound letting the true sound of the music play.
This was so expensive that when I opened it I was shocked to see just how terribly it was built. The cord is stiff and unwieldy, yet tangles quite often. The earpiece options are all hard to put into your ear. On top of that, the way this earphone was built makes it so you HAVE to put the stiff unwieldy wires over the top of your ear before you can even put it on. I would recommend this product to absolutely no one because frankly, I can't imagine how anyone would like something so terrible yet so expensive. Its only saving grace is that the sound is at least decent amid all the terrible construction.
Clear, powerful sound and near total isolation from the world around you. These are by far the best in-ears I've ever purchased.
I like Shure headphones this is my second pair, my first lasted about 3 years.  I really like the sound (I am not an audiophile) of the head phones, nothing is over powering.  I will say though that after while, they get very uncomfortable for me.  I was on a flight from LA to Sydney and about 6 hours in, they were pretty painful in my ears.I am keeping them but have ordered another set of earphones from Amazon to try for my next long flight.
Really good sound and Shure have redesigned these so they don't break where they used to on the wire.  Used with the handsfree kit, they are perfect for music and also any hand free calls etc.The sound isolation is amazing and really comfortable,
These earphones are amazing in terms of noise cancellation and sound quality (compared to cheaper $20 sets). Definitely worth it if that's what you're looking for.They come with 6 different tips and a little bag to carry them in, which I didn't know about until I bought them.There is one problem that prevents it from getting 5 stars though, which is that its difficult to put them in and take them out using the default over-ear set up.I love these earphones but for my next pair I'll just get some of the classic styled ones.
I fell in love with Shure SE-Series over 4 years ago. When I purchased my first pair of Shure SE-115's, great design: the wires were not too long and there was a nice "break away jack", so one could switch between sound systems. Very cool,simple, and durable.The new SE215-CL's are designed so that the stem insert part that goes into my ear canal, is not offset enough from the speaker. The bulk of the speaker causes an insecure seal with the foam (thats on the stem), causing the device to fall out of my ear. If the stem were longer, that would create better distance between the speaker and stem insert, so the foam could then sit and expand in my ear canal. A minor issue for me is the look of the newShure SE215-CL Sound Isolating Earphones SE215-CL, they remind me of hearing aids.I'm a lover of simplicity and function, and I'll be the first one to buy the "old" style again, if Shure ever decides to bring back the SE115's.
I'm going to try and give a non audiophile review of these. If you want an audiophile review, read some of the other top reviews and save yourself some time and stop reading this now.So, seriously, Shure should market these as ear plugs with free headphones. Their ability to block sound is absolutely amazing. To the extent that these headphones should be standard issue for any frequent flyer. No longer do you need to lug around sound canceling cans when you have these lil guys in your briefcase. Crying babies, clapping, chatty kathy sitting next to you -- Gone. I mean, these guys completely isolate you from the outside audible would.Beyond blocking outside sound, the headphone quality is pretty good. Within the price range of these guys there are probably a few choices with slightly better sound quality. But as far as sound quality is concerned, these headphones really seem to error on the side of being a better Rock/Pop head phone than Classic Piano or Hard core rap. The highs are pretty sharp -- and the lows won't rattle your fillings. But what really makes these shine is the lack of outside noise pollution and how well they place you in the middle of the music you're listening too. These are probably the closest you can get to cans without buying cans.Install Tip 1: It is awkward putting them in the first few times. Really, and sorry for being crude, the easiest way it follow the same rules you would for putting on a condom. Pinch the tip, then hold it in place while using the other hand to roll the wire around your ear.Install Tip 2: These are not labeled 'R' and 'L'. Instead they have red and blue dots on them. Just remember "Red is Right" and it'll save you some headaches.They're Spinning!: Also, they spin freely, and can end up backwards. Putting them in backwards doesn't end well.iPhone: If you plan on using these on an iPhone w/ a case, the plug is a bit thick, It works fine with my bumper, but would need to be modified to fit into my wifes Otter case.Finally, I DO NOT recommend these for people who plan on wearing them in an urban environment. Simply, you will get hit by a bus. I cannot stress how little of the outside world you can hear when these are inserted. If you are looking for a head phone to wear on your bike, on you walk to work, or anything else that involves being around large high speed metal boxes -- for your own safety -- don't buy these. Everyone else, it's hard to go wrong with these. I Highly recommend them.
Okay - nothing is meant to last forever...but these earphones are top notch.  Recently my old Shure SE headphones broke.  The cable near the headphone cracked due to being dried out.  I had them for 7 years and listened to them twice a week, while on a plane and used them in the gym.  They cancel out the noise w/out using sound.  I tried changing to Klipsch and Etymotic, but didn't like the cords.  When I moved, they were extremely loud.  I reverted back to Shure and I am glad I did.  Shure's repair policy and customer service is garbage, they wanted $90 to repair my old ones, and for a few bucks more I could just buy new...but they last a long time and a have great sound.  Food for thought...
I am one of those people who buy a ton of earphones.  I am currently using Klipsch S4, Monster Turbine, Skull Candy Full Metal Jacket, and Motorhead Trigger earphone.  I decided to splurge on a pair of these SE215 Monitors and I just couldn't wrap my earsx around the design of the monitors.  They just weren't comfortable and I couldn't get a good fit.  The sound was very bad without a good, comfortable fit.
I purchased these to have quality sounding ear buds. I had eventually hoped to find a pair of ear buds I can skate with. Generally I struggle w/ ear buds falling out as I look left / right in traffic and sweat being an issue.I got these Shure SE215-CL just to try them out. I wasn't so much concerned about the sound as Shure is generally decent quality (bit over priced in my opinion compared to what you get just like Bose).After wearing them at my office desk in Orlando, FL, I realized the sound quality was fairly decent w/ a nice bass quality and noise canceling. Sadly I could not wear them for more than 15 minutes. After 15 minutes sitting in front of my MacBook, I realized I was in great discomfort. No matter how I position the anchors over my ears, they sank down and pulled my tops of the ears down along with the discomfort of having the buds in my ear which I assume you grow used to...Point is these were extremely uncomfortable in my ears as a personal opinion. Your mileage may vary but after 30 minutes, it was clear this was a return for me.
the rating is that because i had them for a short time.. and I notice on one side is loader than the other.. perhaps it is me .. or when other instruments are all hooked up I lost my sound.. I  will try them with other devices.
These work great for playing live as in ear monitors. Just make sure to adjust the wires right so they don't make your ears sore after practice!
Honestly, these sound great, but the way they fit in your ear is a bit awkward. I would prefer something more straight forward.
Great audio yet poor manufacturing quality. The earbuds have a metal wire inside that is supposed to help them keep whatever shape you bend them to; however, one quickly split in two and perforated through the side and that ear no longer works. I only used these at work and was always gentle with them...
They have great sound but I can't wear them. I've tried all combinations of ear plugs and they just hurt my ears. But they sound great when they are in and sealed properly. Block out everything. I wish they were comfortable for me. Maybe they'll work for you. Not for me.Revision: I got some different tips for them and they seem to fit well. The noise isolation is great but I've found I need to hear a little of my surroundings so I'll probably just use them when flying and in high noise environments like mowing the lawn and such. For my regular everyday listening I'm using the Bose ear buds that are in about the same price range. They work well, sound good (except for high noise environments) and let me hear what's going on outside.
I had the SE210's in the past, so I just assumed I'd be getting the same thing with maybe better clarity or frequency isolation or something. I'm not an audiophile, but I am a physicist. So I use the wrong words, but I know it's very difficult to drive 10Hz-20kHz off of one tiny driver. There's always room for improvement.Shure may have improved things, but they also significantly changed the frequency response. The bass end isn't flat. It goes up significantly. This is basically Shure caving to the Beats phenomenon, where style and loud bass matter more than overall quality.Granted, the result isn't as terrible as it could be. But I found that the driver couldn't handle mids and highs while the bass had a significant beat. Things get muffled fast.Not to mention my personal issues with bass. I needed office earphones. The problem is that the bass is too punctuating to me, and I couldn't focus on my work.So, when the reviews say "a little bass boost, but not a bassist's earphone," that really means there is quite a noticeable bass boost, but at least it's not the only thing you can hear. I don't like significantly altering the sound from how it was mastered, and I don't like the overwhelming bass and mid/high muddiness. Others probably love the boosted bass and focus less on the mids and highs.Just be aware, and try and check out the frequency response curve to see what I'm talking about.
I know I could probably do better with a more expensive set of ear buds like the Shure SE315 or se425 but for the price these things kick ass! I work in a very loud wood mill factory , and these things drowned out all the noes. I hook them up to a Fiio Andes E07K on to my Galaxy Note 2 and it rocks!They handle the bass extremely well  seeing how I got it tweaked out with Poweramp Music player for Android.cons: they do take a little time to mount onto your head. and get all my gear up and running but it's sooo worth it.  If you mount them properly like they tell you to there is no line nose. the complaints about line nose is BS
Got these for my hubby while he's gaming... he can crank it up & I don't have to hear it! He says they have good bass sound too. Did mention the different end piece sizes run a little big, but they came with a size that fit well still.
I've had a lot of headphones. Everything from Sennheiser over ear headphones, to Klipsch in ears, a few varieties of Koss headphones and even Skull Candies in my younger days. I can say that these are without a doubt my favorite headphones that I have ever owned.
They sound good but for that kind of money you can do better the bass and mids need some work other than that there okay
As a singing drummer in a rock band, I elected to go with in-ear monitoring instead of using floor wedges. I didn't need to go wireless, so I paired the SE215's with a Rolls Personal Amp system and am up & running for under $200! These in-ear monitors sound awesome, and have a surprising amount of Bass level especially since they are single drivers. Plenty of Bass, to the point where I had to turn the Bass Guitar way down in the overall mix. And the sound isolation is good as well. I recommend trialing the different sizes of the included foam earpieces to customize a size most suitable for you. I went with the largest ones which isolate better than the small sizes for me. Perhaps best of all, my ears don't scream after practice or shows anymore as I only hear at what volume Ievel I so choose. This product has truly helped make me a better player/singer as I can finally HEAR the Mix and my own voice! Highly recommend this product.
Obviously different, but I was worried at first about the fit. They definitely sit differently in my ears. They do not go in nearly as far as the SE110s. I had the medium sized FOAM plugs on my other pair, so I figured the medium would be the best on the 215s. Nope, far too small to give a good fit and block out ambient noise. I switched to the large foam plugs and got a good fit. They do not block out ambient noise as well as the SE100s did for me, but the sound is better. The bass is clearly superior to the 110s. I run regularly with them in, and there are no issues with them falling out. The less pliable cord that goes around the ears can be annoying, but you just need to use the cinch/tightener on the cord and they stay in place fine. Taking a little bit to get used to, but I really like them now.
I bought these headphones because of the positive ratings I had seen online.  Although the sound is as advertized, the cord is awful.  I am getting ready to return for service for the second time in less then 2 years of use, and much of the time, they have sat unused because of the defective cable.  The first time, the wiring broke loose at the connection to the earpiece.  This time, the wire broke inside as I have no sound on the right side at all.  This is unacceptable!
I LOVE these earbuds! Use them, wear them, enjoy them. They fit great. Sound great. I've owned three pair. That's the problem. The left earbud busts within 2 months with each pair I've owned. Not the wire which is usually the problem but the actual earbud itself. 1 right out of the box. To fix it costs almost half the original cost. A total love hate relationship. Hence the 3 stars.
Just got these about 3 hours ago and am truly impressed.  I purchased them mainly for working out and they excelled with staying in the ear.  Not once did I need to adjust them, which is something I was constantly doing with previous earphones.  Great sound and they stay in the ear!!  My wife tried them and now she wants a pair.  Don't hesitate on purchasing these little gems!!
These are wonderful earbuds,especially for less than $100.They block outside noise.The quality of the music that comes through is incredible.
The Shure SE215 ($85 shipped from authorized dealer) represents a good value in my mind.  These iems have bass, and I think the sound is a little warm overall.  The music is cohesive and somewhat natural.  It's not the last word on clarity or naturalness or neutrality, but it is very good at this price.  Even the bass, which is very good for this price in an inner ear monitor (iem), is not as distinct, fast, proper decay, volume, and frequency as the best headphones - and probably won't satisfy a bass head.  Still, sacrifices are made at this price, and the sonic signature suits me.  Shure did not fail in any category with the SE215.  The SE215 has enough bass to establish rhythm in noisy environments (better than many iems), and vocals are convincing, even if not great.  The treble is rolled off too much.  The soundstage is mediocre for an iem, bad compared to good open back headphones, and awful compared to great stereo speakers. :-)  But I'm very particular.  I think this iem is among the leaders of the pack at this price.  I think the SE215 provides adequate sound quality for a trip on the commuter train and bus, even though I may want a little better.  It certainly is possible that some other iem offers better sound in the apx. $100 category; however, I have heard relatively few iems.  Still, my reference headphone system is more than adequate for me to judge the quality of iems.The SE215 has something else going for it - the ruggedness you expect from Shure.  For instance, I tried VSonic GR07 MKii Pro, which were clearly superior sonically - for a month.  And then something happened to the Chinese iems and their sound quality dropped clearly below that of the Shure.The Shure comes with a canvas bag, which I consider useless as I strongly prefer hard cases that resist crushing.  The Shure also comes with a small selection of ear tips.  None of the provided ear tips really felt very comfortable to me, but I am extremely sensitive to things stuck in my ears.  I think I eventually settled for medium-sized black olive foam tips.  The housing of the iem is rather large in my ear and if not positioned exactly right will press uncomfortably on the ridge of my outer ear.  The cord is not microphonic and has a stiffness near the iems (memory wire), which allow it to form ear hooks behind your ear.  They work fine, but I personally prefer separate ear hooks like those provided by VSonic.  The memory wire just doesn't seem to fit behind my ear as well and maintain its hook shape.It offers very good isolation, but not as good as Etymotic Research.Although there are minuses - lack of quality accessories (ear hooks, comfortable tips for me, hard case), iem housing that's a little big, good sound quality (but not great) - for $85 I'd like to give it 4.5 stars.  As I must choose 4 or 5, I'll be generous and give it a 5.  Do note that my rating applies to value and is not on an absolute quality scale.A couple of examples of other headphones that have been well reviewed in this price category include the Meleec CC51 ($80) and HiFiMAN RE400 ($100).
Fits just right in the ears.  Great sound quality for highs and lows.  Highly recommend to anyone that wants to get away from the world.
i have had them for 3 months now and the sound is pretty good, i love the design, they are comfortable and won't fall out even during exercise. the tips they come with are very good, i purchased some triple fledge tips along with them and ended up using the foam ones they come with. i feel the price of $80 would be better considering their sound is not spectacular but is still, none-the-less, very nice. i am happy with the purchase as they seem well designed, durable, and sound is acceptable at price. they are my favorite headphones i have owned thus far and are much better than klipsch s4 which i previously owned and are very popular.
I got these to replace my dual driver Ultimate Ears which broke and these are not nearly as good. They are pretty good for the price, but I would save up for a dual or triple driver earbuds.
Great bass, full, round sound - overall much better value for money than the Etymotics so if you don't need precise sound and tonal clarity in the mids and highs, these are the phones for you
Great for stage performance and vocal coaching, as a singer is been the best in ear a had ever use.... I LOVE IT!!!
I don't have enough experience with audio equipment to properly rate these, but coming from the 115s, I find these to be pretty similar - can't hear too much difference even when compared side by side. The different earpiece design however takes a bit of getting used to, though the over-the-ear tubing helps keep them in place (increases tangling though). I do miss the two part cable that the S115s had - made it easier to untangle the cable at times and easier to put on while wearing a shoulder bag. Finding the S115s on sale for $60 is worth waiting for when these are more than 2x that for hardly noticeable increase in quality.
I'll just keep it short.As others mentioned, the sound quality just blows other products, with similar price tag, off the water.However, the design flaw of the product constantly cuts off the sound.For instance, if you turn your head certain way, the sound gets cut off.Even putting the design flaw into consideration, the amazing sound quality just tops that negative aspect of the earphone.Overall satisfactory product.
I own several pairs of expensive headphones, and these work two-fold and outshine the rest.  I own the bose noise-cancalling headphones which are great but require batteries.  These guys work not only as ear plugs for flying in helicopters or other loud aircraft, but also have great sound. I even wear them to block out my roommates snoring.  The amazing part is that the sound quality say on a flight line is still super awesome even though super loud noises would hypothetically block it. The bass and treble are amazing.  I would def. order these again if I lost them.  Such a great product for a great price.  And they are durable.
Paid about 100 dollars and after about a year, they still work great. I wear these running and to the gym. So sweat was never an issue. And I like how these go behind the ears.  When when you have an occasional tug on the wires, they don't fall out of your ears like other earphones. Nice sound isolation. Bass is good but not bumping. Wouldn't mind a little more bass. Wire length a little too long but better than short. Overall, I'm happy with my purchase.
Bought this headset in January 2013 and the sound is already starting to cut out (as if the wires are pinched). I only use them while sitting at my desk for work (very light use).
The sound is great. I use for playing music in a band at church and my old ones always distorted when all the different instruments were turned up. I used these for the first time and had no distortion. Nice to be able to have adequate bass and drums without the crackle and buzz. Took a little to get used to how they connect in the ear, but after a few tries I had it down.
I really like the sound isolation and sound quality.  However, it is really difficult to get on and off.  I've had Shure headphone in the past and the cords need to be replaced very often.  I'm sure these are not that different.  Plus the replacement cords are very expensive for this version.  For a $100+ cost, you should not have to replace the cords.  A better buy is the Panasonic RPHJE120P In-Ear Headphone.  It fits well, has good sound quality and only costs $5.
Well, just as I was about to give up on earphones or earbuds and stick with headphones, I decided to give these a try. I've always hated earphones/earbuds because they never seem to fit my ears right. When I saw these, it sounded like the foam used in the construction of the earbud made a much more formed fit. More like foam ear plugs for hearing protection.I attend loud concerts regularly, play drums, and shoot guns too), so I'm pretty familiar with hearing protection. Now that I've found these Shure earbuds, I will never go back to another line of earphones/headphones. These little isolating earphones are just what I needed. I can use them not only for listening to my iPod, but I can even use them for sound monitoring with the drums.The package comes with a nice array of accessories. Plenty of sizes of ear pieces, and a nice quality little soft pouch. Fitting them in and wrapping the cord over your ear is something I'll have to get used to. It took me a few minutes to figure it out, but then it fit great. The sound is good. A little bass-heavy, but I'd rather have too much bass than not enough (can always use the EQ bass reducer on the iPod). I think my Bose headphones are still better for hi-fi at home. With these Shure earphones, I ordered the white/clear/silver color rather than the black. In hindsight, I should have ordered the black. I thought the clear would blend-in with my clothing and skin and therefore look less noticeable. But because of the translucent cable and the fact that it's both silver and copper wire underneath, it actually draws more attention. Almost looks like jewelry. Face it: Because of the design of these, people are either going to think you're hard of hearing and wearing a hearing aid, or you're a rock star and wired for the big stadium show.A couple of words of caution: As another review said, these little babies seriously do isolate you. Now, maybe on a subway that's a good thing. You can get lost in your little world listening to music or an audio book on a commute. Or maybe in your dorm room studying or meditating with some nice ambient music on. But honestly these earphones would be absolutely dangerous to use while jogging or riding a bike. You'll hear nothing but the music. No care horns. No police chase. No rabid dogs chasing you. Sorry if I'm stating the obvious, but these earphones really are like wearing deafening hearing protection. Another related issue: If you're listening to soft or quiet music and you're moving around, you'll hear every foot step you take, every burp, every breath, every Dorito you eat, and all the jostling of your body. That's just the nature of the beast when you plug your ears totally up. Last thing to mention: Make sure to set the max volume limit on your iPod before you plug these earphones in. If you're not careful, you'll blast your eardrums more with these plugs than with over-the-ear vented headphones.Solid recommendation on these earphones. Just be careful where/how you wear them.
I use these when mowing the grass on my John Deere LA-175 lawn tractor.  I can keep the volume down to a level that won't destroy my ears and the mower sound is greatly attenuated.  I can still hear enough to know if there is a problem with the mower.  These are great if you need sound isolating ear buds.
Do yourself a favor and buy some decent headphones.  You deserve a pair of these.  Buy them.  If you've been using those cheap white headphones, you'll be amazed at what these IEM's give you.
Update 7/12/13:  I am changing my initial review after about a month of usage.  A couple of things happened to change my mind.First, I realized I hadn't been wearing the earpieces correctly. After inserting the units, I needed to tug on my earlobe and push them flush against my ear for a snug fit.  Previously, the piece that rests on the ear kept popping out.  I guess doing this directed the sound waves differently in my ear and it greatly improved the sound.The other thing that changed my mind is that I did a side by side comparison with new Sony MDR-EX33LP I ordered after my initial review.  The Shures sound is much richer and balanced and I'm able to clearly hear more subtle components in the music -- even at low volumes -- compared to the Sony, which has improved my listening experience.So I'm glad I stuck with these.  I guess the most important thing to keep in mind is to make sure you're inserting these 100% correctly in your ear for the best sound.-------------------------I really tried to like these ear buds but was just not able to do so.  I am a big fan of the Sony MDR-EX33LP/SLV EX but one side always stopped working after a few months so I was looking for something sturdier.  I chose the Shure headphones based on the reviews they got for durability and sound.While they certainly seem durable, the sound is disappointing.  The best way to describe the sound is flat, lifeless.  I tried burning them in as recommended and also different EQ settings but no difference.  The Sony's sound, on the other hand, is great -- bright, clear and punchy.The one thing I do like about the Sure headphones is that they're very comfortable and do provide a good deal of sound insulation.  I'm going back to the Sony model and will keep these for wearing when flying.
I bought a pair of these to replace old pair of Shure E2c headphones - those old headphones were one of the best tech purchases I have ever made.The sound quality, noise cancellation, and comfort on Shure headphones is hard to beat. I travel a lot, and work in a noisy environment.  I use these for many hours every day.My old pair finally wore out (in fact, when I had problems before, I sent them to Shure, and they sent me a brand new pair - kudos to their excellent customer service).  The part that wore out on my old pair, was the cable that connects the phone to the wire (at the ear), and on this revision - they have re-engineered this to not fail (with the detachable connection).I have had the new pair about 5 months, and have liked them as much as my beloved old pair.Kudos to Shure for putting out a great product, and a reasonable price point.
Shure makes a quality product, these are no exception and the prices Amazon sells them at are pretty insane. These earbuds will absolutely destroy the ambient noise around you with no active noise cancellation tomfoolery. They have insanely good bass as long as you wear tips that fit you properly. Make sure you do that. Response is all-around fantastic, the bass is just so striking from such a small package.The only problem is they're easy to lose. It's just a good excuse to upgrade to the most recent model.
These sound great. I don't have golden ears, but I believe I can at least partly tell the difference between good and bad headphones/earbud. I loved my last pair, sony buds that I only replaced because the cord finally gave in after probably 6 or 7 years.The complaints about putting these in are founded, but honestly, if you spend a little time practising, it's not complicated and you can find easier ways. Sometimes I'll put the cord over the ear first, then fold the bud into the canal. Other time, the opposite. I tug on my lobe with the thumb and ring finger and use my index finger to apply pressure on the body of the plug to seat it in my canal.I do run with these in. They block a lot of sound, but not everything. I' pretty hyper vigilant about my surrounding when I'm running, so I'm usually very aware anyway. I wear them to listen to music while working in the workshop and it turned the quite loud combination of my radial arm saw + shop vac into an EXTREMELY manageable background sound, and I could still hear my son yell at me to shut it off when he wanted to ride his bike in the garage - all without taking away too much from the music.In less than perfect settings, like resting my head against a pillow (or car seat) they do start to hurt a bit after about an hour. General wear, however, hasn't really had that effect.The cord doesn't tangle remotely as much as my previous pair, but I hope to keep up the habit of winding them and putting them in the pouch that comes with them.I got the "black", but they are transparent black. I'd rather opaque, but really, it's not a big deal.I do sometimes wish the distance between the "Y" where the L/R cords connect was a little longer, again, it's not bothered me enough to dock points, really.I'd actually give a 4.5/5 but don't feel the need to take away an entire star.(Update)7 months it made it without a hitch. Then the right side started to flake on me. I have to contort the wire and get lucky to get sound, which usually stays fine until I remove them and have to do it again the nest time I use them. I'll be returning to Shure for a replacement, but I have to say that my previous Sony pair, with near daily use, lasted 6-7 YEARS without issue, so this bothers me. I'm certain Shure will replace at least the cable, otherwise I'd be dropping more than the one star I took off. I'll update if I have other issues with the replacement process or otherwise.
I know other reviewers have said the same thing and they are right; if you are on the fence about it just take the plunge and make the purchase. These headphones are my new favorites and I do own a few pairs of high end headphones including the V-moda crossfade M80's, Audio Technica ATHM50's, and also the (not so high end) Klipsch image s4 II's. These sound just as good if not better than my full sized headphones and blow away the in-ear Klipsch's. In fact, they sound so good that I cannot begin to imagine what the Shure SE315, 425, and 535 must sound like. I may have to take the step up eventually but these are a great entry level into the world of in-ear audiophile grade headphones.  Also, you wouldn't believe it but these actually are comfortable due to the fact that they use foam inserts instead of the plastic-type material that's used in a lot of other in-ear models, and the cable secures around the ear making if very difficult to be dislodged from the ear.
I've had probably a hundred sets of headphones in my life and these are hands down the most comfortable and best sounding ones I've heard. Better bass than my Bose triport over-ear, and more comfortable than anything i've ever worn.
I've bought all the top of the line headphones... This is my go to headphones. Very well made! Solid! I go to the gym everyday and put these through a lot of stress... No problems what so ever! I recommend this to everyone! Reliability is where it's at!
Compare it to those you like, difference is in your ear. Very nice when working out, durable cable, my dog can't destroy it. Absolutely best noise isolation.
This is all I wanted and then some. I was hoping to find something I could use to listen music on while I cut the grass. Yep this set of ear monitors did that and did it well. Now I can cut grass and enjoy music and I don't have to listen to the roar of the mower.
I purchased these with expectations that they would provide clear highs and enhanced bass.  The bass part is great.  It definitely is deep and a pleasure to listen to.The highs and the soundstage are what I find issues with.  These headphones provide a more narrow soundstage, so the music generally stays in the center of your head.  The highs are also muffled or have a veil.  The right ear piece did a bit of crackling but by moving it around I got it to stop.I really liked the foam buds that came with this.  They really seal out the sound.
I had high hopes for these earbuds as the ones that came with my iPhone are very uncomfortable.  The jack is just way too big to plug them into the phone with a Case-Mate case on it.  The hole is the case is smaller than the diameter of the plastic part of the jack, so it won't push down far enough to connect.  I had to send them back.
I have had these headphones for nine months know and I just still don't get the sound quality; before owning these headphones I had the klipsch image s4 "owe how I missed them headphones"to me the sound quality out of the klipsch image s4 just sounded so much better in every way from the bass extension, to the bass, to the midrange bass, to the mids, to the vocals, to the highs,Shure Se215- the sound is there but its not as clean and crisp as the klipschBass: the bass is just a boom;it sound like an bookshelf speaker pushing to much bass;muddy most of the time overpowering and poor qualityMids: the mids on these things are decent listing to acoustics the guitar notes came though clean.Vocals: the vocals of the se215 are not there; not present as the klipsch, it's not warm and clean like the klipsch  and listing to fem voices, the vocals are some time a little up tempo un-natural sounding at timesHighs: decent but not as crystal clear as the klipschoverall sound quality:decent but not over the top7.5 out of 10Klipsch image s4Bass: the bass on the klipsch are a little more controlled and it can really get down into those low octaves it feels like klipsch high end sub-woofer with the deep lows and tight notes not overpowering like the shure they can sometimes get a little muddy on bass boosted tracks.Mids: the mids on are present when these are broken into or burned in the sound of these sound like there Refrence speakers every thing just sound so right and its not over poweringVocals: the vocals are crisp clear some times they sparkle a little but it still fun to listen to more natural sounding then the se-215Highs: the highs are amazing they are so crisp and clean sirens and cymbells  crystal clear.overall sound quality9 out of 10 the only reason why I got the shure se215 was because someone had stolen my klipsch image s4 HAHA the person who stolen them know the value they had held .I will surely get me another pair of the klipsch image s4 II  also challenge the bose ie2out out of the SHURE SE-215/KLIPSCH IMAGE S4/BOSE IE2 the klipsch just came out on top the klipsch are just the bang for your buck I dare you to find anything else better than them under $100 lol you won't
These headphones are great for studying in noisy environments. Comfortable, convenient, and feel very sturdy due to the fact that the wires are covered in kevlar.
Shure makes a quality product, these are no exception and the prices Amazon sells them at are pretty insane. These earbuds will absolutely destroy the ambient noise around you with no active noise cancellation tomfoolery. They have insanely good bass as long as you wear tips that fit you properly. Make sure you do that. Response is all-around fantastic, the bass is just so striking from such a small package.The only problem is they're easy to lose. It's just a good excuse to upgrade to the most recent model.
By far the best pair of IEM's I've ever owned.  I've been through Bose IEM's and Klipsch X10's and these are by far superior and are only $99 right now.  Buy them, you will not be disappointed.  The bass is incredibly rich sounding, I'm no audiophile but I love great pairs of headphones.  I was hesitant about the cable being placed over the ears however they feel great and the cords do not brush against your cheeks like other head phones.
These sound great but I'm not impressed with the comfort, style, or convenience of them. However, they're better than my old E2Cs in every way. Great for at-home listening.
This is my 5th pair of earbuds and my second pair of Shures.  With the foam ear plugs, they do a great job of noise isolation.  And the sound they produce is the best of any I've ever tried though I've never paid more than about $150 for buds.  Clear highs, and full (enough) bass, with no discernible overemphasis on any range.  Took me nearly an hour to figure out how to get them to fit well, and after a few  times, they still take some wiggling to get them in right.  I won't use them at the gym where I just want to pop in the buds.  There, I'll continue to use my Shure e2c's.  But I will use them on a plane or at home, where there's time to fiddle.  And I can't let this review go by without mentioning how much better these are than the crappy Klipsch S4i buds.  Really, like night and day.
I bought them to wear under a motorcycle helmet while riding.  They provide very good sound quality, block the wind noise, and allow me to listen at normal volume and not hurt my hearing.  They are comfortable all day long and work well under the helmet.
I'm not bothering with a review of how these sound other than to say that I like the sound of these slightly more than my Klipsch S4 II earbuds. The foam tips cut external sound out very well...surprisingly well for headphones. Whereas the S4 headphones have a tendency to push out of my ears, requiring that I put them back in place periodically while using them, the Shures stay in place perfectly.  Always.These should include a microphone and call buttons for the price. Yet, they have quickly become my favorites without having to spend $400 on a set.
Decided on a pair on buds instead of active noise cancelling after reading the reviews of this product.I must agree with some that getting used to this product takes some time! I've usually used earbuds and it still took a while for me to establish a comfortable fit with the Shures. The cables are indeed on the stiff side and require some manipulating into a comfortable position. There was only some slight cable noise when you move the cables when i first started using them, but eventually got around this. Removal of the foam plugs i thought was difficult and i was worried about damaging them. I wouldn't change these out frequently IMO.However the sound quality in fantastic esp after a burn in. Music is better, esp uncompressed and IMO the movie audio reproduction is even more improved.I have yet to try them out with the TASCAM and RP500 DSP but im sure they will be much better than what i'm used to now.Trick is you definitely have to spend some time getting used to the feel and also getting used to using them very deep into the ear canal.
Sure lives up to their reputation with audio equipment. Great noise cancelling earphones, sound is excellent reproduction very superior. considering upgrade
it's ok if you are having the first experience with this kind of monitor.I hope to upgrade to the 2 or 3 ways in earbut it is ok
Just over a year ago I was getting very frustrated with having to buy a new pair of earbuds every few month, as my Skullcandy and other familiar brand ones lasted only a little while.  Whether the wire broke, one earbud was quieter than the other, or the cable could barely hold a connection, something always happened with each pair I owned, so I decided it was time for some "luxury" ones.  I did my research and narrowed it down to these SE215 Shures and the Bose IE2s, both the same price (at the time, now the IE2s are $10 cheaper).  What initially enticed me to the Shures was the unique design of the transparent casing, and also the fact that I had never heard of them before.  Both seemed like good options, so I began reading reviews.  The reviews for the Bose earbuds were generally positive, but for the Shure ones, I noticed extreme opposite opinions.  Many claimed they had top quality sound, were comfortable, and were durable; on the other side, there were complaints about how one earbud got quieter or stopped working, and it seemed like a probable issue with buying these.  Luckily, the Shures do have a 2 year warranty, and that removed my fear in the breaking headphone issue I have had.  Because I was leaving for a long car trip the next week, I really wanted to buy a pair  in time for them to arrive before I left, so I went with the SE215s.  I could not have been happier with my choice, as they are so comfy, never do they hurt, I have not had one problem with the speakers, and the sound quality is superb (so good that I wouldn't even spend extra on the 315s, 425s, or 535s, although I'm SHURE they are fantastic!)  And I still have this whole year to send them back for new ones if they do happen to break.  With the 6 different fits and styles of bud inserts, there's bound to be a perfect fit for anyone.  I highly recommend these earbuds, and definitely am buying from Shure when/if mine do break! And if you're wondering how they compare to the IE2s, the 215s keep the sound out way better, however both have similar sound quality.  Lastly, you can take the earbud off of the wire for whatever reason, but I suggest not doing this as that might be the problem for why many people's Shures are not working.  Sorry this is so long but I really want everyone to know how great these SE215s are!
I got these for 90 and they are worth every penny.  They isolate noise incredibly well, have great bass, and stay in place with a bendable wire that wraps around your ear.  Only problem is people try to talk to you and you can not hear them at all.
She seemed to have trouble getting them in her ears.????  Took almost an hour for her to finally say,"There, that is comfortable.  I am sure they are fine.  Thanks  Wayne
I bought these headphones because my old sennheisers PX200 died on me, and couldn't be happier with the purchase.Sound quality: probably less detailed than the sennheisers I had. Bass wise these are definitely better, but perhaps too bassy if you like a really flat presentation from your headphones. However, even the top audiophile open headphones couldn't compete with these little guys in a noisy environment.Isolation: this is the main reason I bought these earphones. I travel by plane quite often and was tired of not being able to listen to many types of music due to the ambient noise. Even the sennheisers I had were not enough for this type of use (though they were great for street use, something I wouldn't recommend the shures for).These cans really shine in this department! I could listen to Ravel's bolero, since the first drum snares! No music will be out of your reach anymore. Also, as the music doesn't have to compete with outside noise, you can keep the volume at very low levels, hence preserving your ears from damage...Comfort: weird to use at first, and it's frustrating to put these on and then having someone to speak to you so you have to take them out again. Besides that, they sit comfortably in your ears. I've used them non-stop for 4 hours, and could still keep on (on ear headphones tend to put too much pressure over your ears, so they end up hurting). Also, as you can listen to music at lower levels, your ears don't get tired so easily. Also, the fact they are so small and lightweight means you can even drop them in your pocket (try that with the Monsters that are so popular nowadays, or with the noise cancelling phones and their batteries). These come with 6 different types of tips, so you shouldn't have any problem finding the one that best fits your ears.Construction: seems great, with a kevlar reinforced, removable chord.Beware: as the noise isolation is so good, I wouldn't recommend these headphones for any situation where you shouldn't completely isolate from the outside world. While you are wearing these little cans, you are, to all effects, completely deaf for the rest of the world.Overall: great travel headphones. Good sound quality, great construction quality, incredible isolation. Reasonable price for what you get. Highly recommended.
Purchased these because I didn't want to continue to supply my band members with Shure 535s whenever they broke, stepped on, or otherwise disregarded the value.  These are strong for the money - band thinks they sound great, I personally think they sound decent for the money (I use Westone custom ear molded in ears) and would buy again (already did!) to replace their damaged out of warranty units,
I was a little skeptical about these particular head sets because I have read so many negative reviews.  So I decided to pull the trigger and get a pair and man was I surpirsed they sound great right out of the box.  I have had a chance to buy MUCH more expensive ones but don't waste your money this model is perfect for everyday use.  I have a friend who is a church musician and he recommended these.  I am very happy with my purchase and will upgrade when the chance arises.
The sound quality is excellent, which is what I expected.  What I didn't expect is that they would be so comfortable.  I can wear these for hours and they don't bother my ears.  The variety of ear pieces that are provided allow you to customize the fit to each ear.
I have invested nearly $4000 in ear buds over the last 10 years from companies such as Klipsch, UE, Shure, and others. I use these units all day at work as well as at night to fall asleep and I love them. They fit my ears well with the foam inserts, and all of the hardware holds up fairly well.
I purchased these earphones as a gift for my younger son for Christmas.  I was originally looking at the Klipsch S4 Image (which are also good earphones), but was fortunate to find these on a Black Friday Sale for under $90 - less than $10 more than the Klipsch, so I opted to go with them.  I'm "old school" when it comes to quality of construction and weigh it heavily when making purchase decisions.  These fit the bill, and are much sturdier than the Klipsch.  I, myself, own a pair of SE425 and have been extremely pleased with the performance, and since I gave these SE215s to my son on Christmas, he's commented numerous times on how happy he is with their fit and performance.  Do the research, and I believe you'll find this is a worthy contender for your hard-earned $$$ - especially when you can get near $200 earphones for less than half the price!
I have many different top end headphones. These are amazing! They have great high/low and the bass is perfect. Strongly recommended. I will be buying more for gifts.
I work in a fairly noisy environment, so I need a noise-isolating in-ear monitor. I have tried several models, and the Shure SE215-K is the best I have found in the under-$100 price range. There are three categories in which I evaluate in-ear monitors: sound quality, in-ear fit/comfort, and cable quality. The SE215-K excels in all three areas.The Shures are very good-sounding monitors. They deliver a well-balanced sound across all frequency spectrums. I have found that many in-ear monitors over-emphasize the bass frequencies, resulting in a somewhat "boomy" sound. The bass response of the SE-215Ks is very full, but without going over the top and sounding unnatural. Mids are clear and well-defined, and high frequencies are reproduced smoothly without sounding overly sibilant or tinny. This is quite an achievement for a single-driver system, but the Shures do very well.Fit/comfort is an essential quality of any in-ear monitor. This is, of course, very subjective, as everyone's ears are shaped differently. I have personally had difficulty finding in-ears that fit me well, but the Shures do not have this problem. The Shures come with six sets of ear buds, three sizes each of rubber and memory foam units. Once I found the best-fitting set (the large rubber ones), I found that the sound isolation properties were excellent. One word of caution: these are intended to be used as stage monitors, which means they are designed so that the cable goes up and behind the ears. This is not an optional feature of this product; you won't get a good fit unless you do this. I found that this took a bit of getting used to, but with practice I learned to remove/replace the monitors quickly and easily.The last category is cable quality. I learned about this category the hard way, as monitors that I have used in the past had terrible cables that would kink or--worse--produce significant microphonic feedback. For those not familiar with this phenomenon, microphonic feedback is when contact with the cables (touching with hands, rubbing against clothing) results in audible artifacts in the monitors themselves. The cable acts as a microphone and transfers the sound to the monitors. The Shure SE215K cable is free of both of these problems. I have had no issues with the cable kinking (if anything, it is a bit too stiff, but I have found this to be manageable), and its microphonic properties are negligible.Having just described the cable, I want to note that I use the cable that includes the microphone (an actual microphone, not an accidental one)and the three-button controls for my iPhone, not the default cable that comes with the monitors. I have used the controls on this cable and found them to be high-quality. The buttons are easy to access and distinguish by touch, and they provide good tactile feeback. I have had no sound quality issues using the microphone. The only complaint that I have is that Apple does not provide side tone (i.e., the sound of one's own voice) when using monitors to make a phone call. This means the user cannot hear his own voice when talking--and this is made worse by the sound-isolating ear buds. This is disconcerting, and as a result I typically do not make calls in this way. However, it's there in a pinch.I can recommend the SE215K monitors over the Klipsch S4 and the ME Electronics CC51P units. I have logged significant time with both of these monitors. The sound of the S4s is OK (the bass can be on the "boomy" side), but I was never able to achieve a comfortable fit in my ears. I had all sorts of problems with the CC51Ps, but the worst was the microphonic cable. The slightest movement is very audible, which made them all but unusable. My issues with the Klipsch have more to do with my ears than with the overall quality of the product (I happen to think highly of Klipsch products in general), though I cannot say the same for the ME Electronics monitors. All that notwithstanding, the SE 215K beats both of those monitors in all three categories. I would recommend this product to anyone.
Everyone seems to praise the sound quality and maybe it is just that i haven't listened to too many earbuds lately but the highs seem to be too sharp and tinny for me like a vocal with knife edges they seem to lose the ambience kind of like CD players when they first came out before they started oversampling the music  Anyway either they are just not for me or they need to burn in like speakers or I am doing something wrong. They seem to have a good fit. Unless anyone has any ideas i might just return themSo after listening to them a little longer and trying out the different buds and positioning I started to warm up to them some. Not the sound of my Logitech 6000 over the ear which I guess is to be expected but good enough to add a star to my reviewWell now they are my choice for music. The Logitech 6000 right speaker went out after 3 days and I returned them
Old model was better in blocking sound.  Hard to fit into ears.  Would not buy it again.  A waste of money.
I just replaced my included Apple EarPods with these Shures and what an improvement.Previously I've owned Etymotic Hf5, Skullcandy Heavy Metal, Sennheiser 380HD 'phones. The sound is on par with the Etymotics, not as full as my Senns (which are over the ear cans, so not really an apt comparison).Cable is plenty long.  I'm a tall guy so this really nice. Also, it doesn't seem to tangle very easily and the included case is padded, so that's good.My only real complaint is the lack of included in-line mic and controls. I knew this when buying so not a big deal, but I'll certainly be purchasing the music control add-on soon (but the lack of a clear version is holding me back, are you listening Shure?)Definitely a worthwhile purchase for $100.
The stiff plastic that is supposed to bend over the top of your ear to hold them in place makes these awkward in the extreme to put on. If you wear glasses, forget it. In addition, it is difficult to distinguish right from left on these. The documentation doesn't tell you how and you find that you have to hunt for a tiny, tiny red dot on one of them, presumably the right channel, something that's going to be nigh impossible on, say, a darkened stage. There is no reason, none whatsoever, that they couldn't stamp a much more visible "L" on the left and "R" on the right. To make matters worse, the stiff plastic cable on these conducts a tremendous amount of contact noise to the earbuds. The result is a most annoying scraping sound with every little movement. They should have used a softer, more flexible cable.See the other reviews for accounts of how these fall apart or stop working after a short period of use.This is one of Shure's poorer designs to be "shure" and the sound quality isn't good enough to compensate for it. I would look for something else.
I've had these earphones for about a year now, and I'm really happy with my purchase. Great sound, seriously robust build, cool looks.. (I have the CL model, which I think is better looking :))what more could you look for? and at a price of 100 bucks.. (I'd snapped them when they were 90 bucks tho ;))All I could say is this is money well-spent.anyone looking for wonderful earphones all around should seriosly consider these. I'd reccommend it to anyone with no hesisation. in fact, one of my friends has bougth one after my reccommendation and he's loving it!
I've always loved Shure earphones, but this model is beyond annoying. The jack has been changed such that it won't fit through my iphone case (Speck, a quite popular case). But more importantly, as others have noted, the cord is stiffened and bendable near the ear supposedly so you can mould the cord over the top of your ear, but it's difficult to manipulate, requiring 2 hands (and even in the mirror I had a hard time putting these in).The older models just easily slipped into the ear, and over the ear. There was no need to "improve" on them.I've returned mine.
I bought these as a replacement for Shure E2C earphones that I've had for 6+ years and which still work although the insulation around the wires is cracking a lot which is the only reason I'm replacing them.  I've had the SE215s for several months and the sound is just as good ad my old E2Cs with excellent, rich, deep sound and phenominal noise reduction.  I'm not an audiophile and listen mainly to jazz and classical -- never rock.  The sound quality of these earphones is great, as good as if I'm listening to my large floor speakers playing from my stereo.Noise reduction is phenominal, just like my old E2C earphones.  I wear these on the NYC subway which is extremly noisy and never have to raise the volume which I keep somewhat low.  Ditto at the gym where music is blaring over the loudspeakers and it doesn't bother me (that's why I bought my E2Cs in the first place, so I could listen to my music at the gym).Sometimes I will plug the the earphones into my ear and not listen to anything, just to use them as ear plugs so I can sleep on public transportation.The problem is with the cords.  These earphones, like the old E2Cs, are worn by wrapping the cord over the ear -- it's bizarre if you've never used them before but I got very used to it on my E2Cs and loved them. However, the SE215s have a much, much thicker cord that simply does not bend enough and has never conformed to the shape around my ear.  It alwasy feels like they're falling out.  And if I try to have the cords go down my back it's even worse.  These heavy duty cords, which I am sure will last a long time, are the only reason I don't give it a full 6 stars.
Good, but not great. They're probably great for the money, though. I previously had the Shure iem's equivalent to these ( I forget the model #), and loved them. These iem's  are good, however I can't get them in my ears really solidly. Maybe it's just my ears, but I think it's because the main mechanism part turns toward the rear too closely to the part that goes in the ear. In other words, the part going into the ear is too short. And since they aren't quite in 100% (I don't think), it cuts down on the sound I'm hearing, the low end especially. I've tried switching to smaller buds, which helped some, but I don't quite feel like they're "mine" yet. One more thing. I had custom ear molds made for the other Shures I had, and since the design changed, they're useless. Oh, well. They work, and they sound good. Not badJoe.
I bought these because i kept a pair of E2's for 5 years and loved them, so much so that when the shielding wore off of the wire i re-shielded them until the drivers died. Thus when i saw these i just new my problems were solved, so i bought them. They sounded great, not as clean as my E2's but as good as it gets for &100. But only for about 24 hours, then i started getting a bad connection in my 3.5 jack. First i assumed it was probably my 4yr old iPod on its last legs, so i tried them on my newer iPod, my Galaxy S3, and my pc. I noticed that when i shook the 3.5 jack the connection would come and go.I am debating whether to return these to amazon and buy a different brand like Etymotic, or just have shure replace the cable. But after all the problems i have read about with the earbud ends of the cable i am a little reticent. But i am confused since this is the same cable that they use on their higher priced models, and surely they couldn't be shipping $500 earbuds with substandard cables.Now i know owning 2 models doesn't make me an expert on Shure brand, but now i am in a relationship and i no longer have the disposable funds of a bachelor, so when i can splurge on something i really want, it is a little more disappointing when i receive DOA merchandise that i was truly looking forward to. I am just happy my girlfriend didn't get them for me for christmas, she would have been even more disappointed than I.Pros.....Sound great, more bass heavy than a "monitor" headphone, but great for everyday use. Replaceable cable could mean years of life for something prone to excessive wear.  Flush fitting which is good for use on a pillow in bed. Sound isolation is superb.Cons.....Replaceable cable in my case realistically meant 24 hrs of use. Sound isolation, can be a bit overkill, in that my girlfriend couldn't get my attention by yelling  at me from 4 feet. Not to be worn when you need to be aware of your surroundings.
I've had these for about a month and have listened to at least 25 hours of audio using them.  To be blunt, I'm in love with them.  I'm hearing sounds in music that just weren't being reproduced by the other audio systems I have (cheap ones, admittedly).  The full range of sounds are clear and faithfully rendered, though the bass may be a little low for some depending on musical taste.  I'm also happy to say that the foam buds keep these things firmly in place through just about any situation I've had them in so far, whether it be walking, running, or even snowboarding.  Money well spent, and highly recommended.
I'm a frequent traveler and I have had my Bose QuietComfort headphones for quiet sometime and overall very happy with it, until I tried some sound isolating earphones. Regarding the sound quality, there is not much to complaint about Bose, I'm happy with it and I can really enjoy my music in the aircraft due to its noise cancellation capability. But after trying these sound isolating earphones, there is no noise you need cancel as the noise is being isolated. 2 major features that I like are: 1) No batteries, don't have to worry about running out of batteries, 2) Size, this is much much much smaller than the Bose and it comes with a carrying case, that completely replaces my Bose QuietComfort..... well, I still use it at home, but it will not travel with me. So if you are looking for something light, easy to carry and travel with you and with very good noise canceling capability, give this a try.
These headphones are great.  They have great bass, clarity in the high end, and good definition in the mid range.  They come with six different sets of ear pieces and I found a good fit, so almost everyone will be able to find a good fit.  I've been working in a sound booth part time for the past five years and have tried many different sets of headphones, including some that cost much more than these and honestly these are the best value for any in-ears under $225.
I have owned these headphones for about 3 months now and I am not impressed.  While they do stay in my ears when I run, I've recently noticed that they are starting to loose sound.  Both ear buds constantly going on and off while I run. I have checked my audio jack with other head phones and they works fine.  If you have a $100 to spend on head phones, buy something else, just not these.  They are not worth the expensive price.
Coming from Klipsch S4i, these sound much louder, much bassier and almost everything is better. However using the Klispch I used to love the overall neutrality of those, these are a teeeny bit bass heavy but that's fine by me and m sure with a lot of other people too.Totally worth the price and infact probably the best you can get within this price range.
From a 5 star review to one star in just 10 hours of use.Well, after using these for about 10 hours I was having the sound cut out while I walked or turn my head in a certain way. I did some research on the issue and, according to a post at head_fi.org this is a common problem with these headphones, or those that use these same detachable cables. I'm returning these. So disappointed and will not be buying another pair of Shure earphones.
I'm typing this on a cell phone, so sorry if I may any grammatical errors.I've had these IEM's for about 3 months now, and I think that's long enough of a time to write a review for them.ACCESSORIES: the SE215's come with a good amount of things in the package. There's small, medium, and large foam (similar to ComPly) tips, as well as small, medium, and large Shure "olive" silicone tips. There's an ear cleaning tool, and a rather nice zip-up carrying pouch.LOOKS: I always get people in school (I'm a Junior in high school" ask me, "what the heck are those?", especially when I take the cable off. They think they look rather nice, as do I. They're different, and I like that. The semi-clear casing looks really cool. None of the lettering has been rubbed off, and they look brand new. The case has a tiny amount of stitching coming out by the "SHURE" logo, but I've beat the sh*t out if the case, and it's held up well.BUILD: For being in my backpack or in my ears all day, these have held up great. There's no visible damage, and nothing has broken. One thing I am scared of, though, is the cables breaking. The connection between the earphone and male socket on the d you can tell laterp
I love these. The sound is amazing and so clear but they are hard to keep in my ears. It is easier if you keep both buds in your ear though.
These are probably the most expensive pair of IEM's that I've ever purchased, but I can honestly say that for $100 dollars the quality is superb. It's like i'm actually listening to my favorite songs for the first time, high's and lows are very crisp and balanced. They are so high quality that I feel they are almost worth twice the price, and I would almost be willing to pay it. After finding the right foam tips and a good hour break-in these really shine, no regrets here and I highly recommend them for anyone on a budget! I'm so impressed that Shure has just earned a customer for life!
I usually buy cheap headphones, because they brake all the time. I am brutal with them. I use them in work & the gym, etc. I decided to buy some good one's as the the cd in my local gym was seriously wrecking my head. My friend recommended this set and he was right. The minute I put them in my ears I knew I had been idiot. I heard parts in tracks I hadn't heard before. Sound isolating is the way to go. If I get a year out of them I'll be a very happy camper. Definitely worth the dollars,
UPDATE: I have now sent these back and had them replaced by Shure 5 times. At some point after a few months, one of the ears or both conks out. When they are working, they deliver top notch and high quality sound. And again, Shure stands behind their product and has consistently replaced them every time that I've sent them in. That said, I have sent them in 5 times. I think that the first order of business to making a great set of headphones, right behind sound quality, would be durability. Earphones are wrapped around fingers, stuffed into pockets, and jammed into bags. They deserve better care than they get I'm sure, but they need to be able to stand up to the day to day demands of the urban commuter.This is my previous review and I do stand by it. High quality when they work!First and foremost, the sound and fit of these headphones is wonderful. I live in New York City and they truly keep the sounds of the street and the subway out and the sound of my playlists and podcasts in. The headphones are equally excellent for spoken word and music playback. (Quick hint to iPhone users...go into sound settings and play with the equalizer!) I've been loyal to Shure for the last few years and I have not been disappointed in the products. That said, my headphones get a lot of wear and tear. Lots of folding, wrapping, and pocket stuffing goes on with the headphones in my life. While I try to be careful and use the handy bag Shure headphones come with, the headphones have taken a beating and when tears, shorts, and sound issues have come up, Shure has always stood by their 2 Year Warranty with quick and reliable service, repairs, and replacements. Most recently, the right ear began to short out and some wire became exposed. I filled out the easy online form, sent them in, and within days I had a brand new set of headphones delivered to my door. THAT is service!I love a company that stands behind their work and their products. Not only are Shure excellent headphones, they are made by an excellent company with customer service in mind.I'm looking forward to my commute later to inaugurate my latest pair!
I work in a fairly noisy environment, so I need a noise-isolating in-ear monitor. I have tried several models, and the Shure SE215-K is the best I have found in the under-$100 price range. There are three categories in which I evaluate in-ear monitors: sound quality, in-ear fit/comfort, and cable quality. The SE215-K excels in all three areas.The Shures are very good-sounding monitors. They deliver a well-balanced sound across all frequency spectrums. I have found that many in-ear monitors over-emphasize the bass frequencies, resulting in a somewhat "boomy" sound. The bass response of the SE-215Ks is very full, but without going over the top and sounding unnatural. Mids are clear and well-defined, and high frequencies are reproduced smoothly without sounding overly sibilant or tinny. This is quite an achievement for a single-driver system, but the Shures do very well.Fit/comfort is an essential quality of any in-ear monitor. This is, of course, very subjective, as everyone's ears are shaped differently. I have personally had difficulty finding in-ears that fit me well, but the Shures do not have this problem. The Shures come with six sets of ear buds, three sizes each of rubber and memory foam units. Once I found the best-fitting set (the large rubber ones), I found that the sound isolation properties were excellent. One word of caution: these are intended to be used as stage monitors, which means they are designed so that the cable goes up and behind the ears. This is not an optional feature of this product; you won't get a good fit unless you do this. I found that this took a bit of getting used to, but with practice I learned to remove/replace the monitors quickly and easily.The last category is cable quality. I learned about this category the hard way, as monitors that I have used in the past had terrible cables that would kink or--worse--produce significant microphonic feedback. For those not familiar with this phenomenon, microphonic feedback is when contact with the cables (touching with hands, rubbing against clothing) results in audible artifacts in the monitors themselves. The cable acts as a microphone and transfers the sound to the monitors. The Shure SE215K cable is free of both of these problems. I have had no issues with the cable kinking (if anything, it is a bit too stiff, but I have found this to be manageable), and its microphonic properties are negligible.Having just described the cable, I want to note that I use the cable that includes the microphone (an actual microphone, not an accidental one)and the three-button controls for my iPhone, not the default cable that comes with the monitors. I have used the controls on this cable and found them to be high-quality. The buttons are easy to access and distinguish by touch, and they provide good tactile feeback. I have had no sound quality issues using the microphone. The only complaint that I have is that Apple does not provide side tone (i.e., the sound of one's own voice) when using monitors to make a phone call. This means the user cannot hear his own voice when talking--and this is made worse by the sound-isolating ear buds. This is disconcerting, and as a result I typically do not make calls in this way. However, it's there in a pinch.I can recommend the SE215K monitors over the Klipsch S4 and the ME Electronics CC51P units. I have logged significant time with both of these monitors. The sound of the S4s is OK (the bass can be on the "boomy" side), but I was never able to achieve a comfortable fit in my ears. I had all sorts of problems with the CC51Ps, but the worst was the microphonic cable. The slightest movement is very audible, which made them all but unusable. My issues with the Klipsch have more to do with my ears than with the overall quality of the product (I happen to think highly of Klipsch products in general), though I cannot say the same for the ME Electronics monitors. All that notwithstanding, the SE 215K beats both of those monitors in all three categories. I would recommend this product to anyone.
These are virtually professional sound quality.  The cables disconnect so you can change to iPod specific cable with remote control.  Ergonomics fit in the ear and stay in place better than any others.  The only downside is that the cables do not come with a clothing clip to keep the cable from swinging during athletic activity.  I had to pirate one from an unused earphone cable.  5 stars without this oversight.
I have gone through three sets on in ear headphones in the past year.  I was looking for a more rugged set that would last me longer.  These seem to fit the bill.  The cord, which is the part that has failed every time, is thicker and heavier.  The sound quality is excellent.
Awesome sound -- good bass and clarity. Very comfortable to wear, even on long flights. A great product for the price.
I was hesitant to drop $100 on a pair of ear buds, fearing they would not live up to my expectations. However, I'm pleased to report that they exceeded them. These are bar none the most comfortable, and best sounding earbuds I've ever owned. If it weren't for the cable (unavoidable with any wired headphones). But to their credit, way the cable loops over your ear makes the headphones both very comfortable and very secure. When you have the right size of nib selected, they don't move, loosen, fall out, or fatigue your ears, even when moving actively (working out, working, etc). I mainly bought them to wear while delivering papers to rooms at the hotel I work at, which is a tedious task, but it would often make my previous pair of ear buds fall out, but I found myself using them constantly. The memory foam nibs are fantastic, comfortable, and seal your ear from outside noise for an outstanding acoustic experience.Pros: Excellent sound qualityvery clear highs and lows, strong (but still clear) midswarm soundcomfortableWell constructed - cable quality is nice, and ear buds are solid with no vibrations, rattle, or noiseDetachable cableComes with case, cleaning tool (for the inevitable earwax invasion) and a plethora of ear nibs.nice, gold plated, right angle 3.5mm plugfantastic for planes, trains, road trips, relaxing, jogging/excessive, etcCons: Chord is not braided, just rubber insulated, however it is very robust feeling.would have been nice to have a microphone and/or an inline volume control, but not a deal breaker by any means.Having these headphones in makes you absolutely oblivious to any other sound outside of what you're listening to - it blocks out noise that well. Use with caution, wouldn't recommend for situations when you still need to be able to hear some stuff even with the headphones in, although that's sort of a given.Final thoughts: These are not cheap headphones, and the saying "you get what you pay for" is absolutely true here. Having owned a pair of the beats ear buds (which ironically were half again as much) I can tell you these are a much better product. Comfortable, clear, dynamic sound, and intuitive design. You can't go wrong buying these headphones. I use them with a FiiO  E6 amp because it's Equalizer is much better than my phone's built in equalizer, but an amp is not by any means required.
I've used these as in-ear monitors on stage and they are fantastic. Low end comes through solidly and everything else is nice and crisp. I really like how they "disappear" in my ear and is not really visible on stage. The short section of wire just past the driver really helps keep it tucked away and secure. I also used these during studio recording, and they did just fine. At this price range, I couldn't be happier. Booya!
This was a present for my boyfriend and he loves it. I would suggest this for the musician in your life.
Hard to put in your ear, hard to stay there.  Not a good design.Sound quality not as good as previous Shure models.
I have been using Shure headphones for my I-Pod for several years now, and this model is the best yet.  They deliver an amazingly full, clear sound.  Using these headphones, I hear nuances in songs that I never noticed before.  The bass sound is incredible.  I would highly recommend them.
excellent pair of earphones, i did a lot of research (weeks) before i decided to buy these. they were the best i could find for the price. the sound quality is excellent. the bass is strong, maybe a bit muddy, but much clearer then comparable earphones, like bose ie or beats. the trebble might be lacking slightly, but the midrange is crystal clear, a real pleasure to listen to. the quality of the build is great too, with a super long wire that is also very durable (kevlar), and an added benefit that is usually reserved for extreme high end earphones, the wire is removable and can be replaced. its also great at keeping out outside noise.what i did not like was they were not that comfortable and very annoying to get into my ear, required a lot of playing around to get it right. and they hurt my ears after wearing for a while.
excellent pair of earphones, i did a lot of research (weeks) before i decided to buy these. they were the best i could find for the price. the sound quality is excellent. the bass is strong, maybe a bit muddy, but much clearer then comparable earphones, like bose ie or beats. the trebble might be lacking slightly, but the midrange is crystal clear, a real pleasure to listen to. the quality of the build is great too, with a super long wire that is also very durable (kevlar), and an added benefit that is usually reserved for extreme high end earphones, the wire is removable and can be replaced. its also great at keeping out outside noise.what i did not like was they were not that comfortable and very annoying to get into my ear, required a lot of playing around to get it right. and they hurt my ears after wearing for a while.
It took me awhile to get the hang of inserting these in my ears quickly, but after a few days my lack of coordination was resolved. :))  These have very good sound quality, stay inserted (I've never dislodged them or needed to reseat them in the ear), and they do a good job of blocking outside noise. My gym has several obnoxiously loud people, and the SE-215's allowed me to workout in complete bliss.  Also, I feel no soreness whatsoever in my ear after a 60-minute workoout. Another brand  used previously was NOT comfortable in hindsight.
These IEMs are fantastic. You feel as if you are in the room where the musicians are playing and singing. I had a problem with the audio cutting out on the left earbud after about six months of use. Sent them into Shure for warranty service, got a NEW PAIR of both earbuds in TWO DAYS. Before I knew it, I had a brand new pair of SE535's. Shure's service is the best I have ever encountered. They stand behind their products, and care about their customers. Would not hesitate to do business with them again in the future. I am now a loyal Shure buyer.
Not an audiophile but I know cheap earbuds. I've tried many - Sony, Phillips,MEE,Etymotic, Sennheiser, Panasonic, Klipsch and a host of others. For just sit-down listening it was clearly the Klipsch s4. But they are not built to stay and not that great at sound block. For my more active phases the MEE(or something) had the best earpiece that was flexible to mold around your ear and the bud itself was not bad. It stayed there, blocked the ambient sound but didn't sound great. Hey, 2 out of 3 ain't bad. But then came pre-Black Friday (once known as Thanksgiving) and Amazon drops the price of these puppies and  Wallah! I snap them up. These sound a little better to me than the Klipsch, have the same ear bending wire to mold it around the ear as the MEE and the unique way it fits and the cushion just fill the entire ear canal comfortably with the best earbud sound. That;s 3 out of 3 if you don't count the price. Get these if you're limited to $100 or less or wait until next Black Friday
These have been great earphones. Awesome sound quality for the price. They have been sturdy and reliable on the go during my transport to and from work. Different sized ear pieces and carrying case are a nice touch too.
We got these as a present for our son, and he loves the noise-canceling that they provide.  But the way that they fit over your ear is a little wonky and it took him some time to get used to them.  He appreciates how thick and sturdy the cord is.
These buds are excellent. I use them predominantly on plane flights both to listen to audio and as ear plugs. They are very comfortable and can easily be left in without fatigue pain for the duration of a long haul flight. Now for the sound. These things are superb, rich sound with excellent bass response. Mid and high range have a calrity that needs not equalization tweaks with your mp3 player.
These headphones sound great, and are very good at blocking outside sounds. They're very comfortable also.  I have had no issues with them.
I do not usually tend to purchase in ear headphones. however I thought I would give it a shot and it was well worth it. This product not only sounds amazing, but they fit great in my ears, (which is usually my problem with earphones) and they come with multiple different attachments to fit different sized ears. I like that the cord goes over the ear so that they stay snug in your ears. They shipped very promptly and I would recommend these to anyone who is a passionate music listener.
I ordered a new pair to replace my old black SE215 that I thought I lost. After about a week I noticed that the sound with slightly cutting out; I just thought it was my old iPhone. I tried then on my computer, iPad, and old CD player etc and noticed the sound problems. In the mean time I found my old SE215 so I switched out the cords and that solved the problem. I wanted a replacement cord since I paid for a new set of SE215.I emailed Shure explaining the problem with my included invoice when I purchased them. I get an email to call the service department so I did. Then I get a rude individual named Anthony that says I have go BACK to their website for a form. Then send in the cord AT MY OWN Expense that will not be covered for a defective product. And the cord my not even be covered.I would not recommend any Shure products because their horrible customer service.
For a few years, I had been using my old Sony EX71's (which still sound great). I've wanted to upgrade for a while and have tried various earphones along the way, but none have impressed me. After some online research, I decided to order four pairs of earbuds - the Ultimate Ears UE600 and UE500, Klipsch S4 and the SE215's, with the hope of finding at least one pair that's a keeper. I was looking at the under-$100 price point.The UE500's sounded okay, though the bass was a bit boomy and the highs could be cleaner. They also seem cheaply made and I wouldn't expect them to last. The UE600's are excellent and I may keep them. The balanced armature driver provides amazingly detailed vocals and instrumentals. They don't provide very deep, extended bass, however they do seem to handle lows accurately and are fine for everything but bass-heavy genres like hip hop. After hearing the S4's, I'm surprised that they have such a large following. They sounded very average, with exaggerated, boomy bass and rather harsh (sibilant) highs. Just shows you what one good CNET review and effective marketing can do. For the current price of $59, however, they're worth it if you need some loud earbuds with good sound isolation to use in noisy environments.The last pair I tried were SE215's. To be honest, I wasn't too excited about these, as I expected them to be uncomfortable, with the over-the-ear style and relatively bulky design. But that all changed as soon as I heard them. These are the nicest sounding earbuds I've heard by far. Smooth, balanced, warm, distortion-free sound from the highest of highs to the lowest of lows. And the bass is not only deep, but tight and controlled. I can see the sound of the UE600's or S4's being fatiguing after an hour or so, but the 215's sound so sweet I think I could listen to them all day. While no audiophile, I think I'm pretty picky and I honestly can't come up with any criticism as far as the sound. Shure has been around since the 1920's and has a good reputation, which gives me confidence in the design and engineering that goes into their products. Many of today's trendy brands probably just outsource design and manufacturing overseas and are more about appearance and bling factor, rather than sound quality. I've always had this image of Shure appealing to purists who prefer a totally flat frequency response and who listen mainly to classical music. The SE215 is the first model that has more of a v-shaped curve, with some bass enhancement. The amount of bass is just right - somewhere between flat and extended, as with bass-heavy earbuds. The result is a rich, full sound that is great with all genres of music and which most regular, non-audiophile users will probably prefer.The quality is top notch. There are substantial strain relief moldings at all cord junctions. The cord and plug seem quite rugged and furthermore, the cord is replaceable. The 215's have a 2-year warranty, which is great for earbuds. Six sets of tips are included (3 silicone and 3 foam). I went with the silicone tips, since I'm too lazy to mess with the compressable tips each time.Putting them on is fairly quick and easy once you get used to it (though slightly less convenient than under ear buds). They're also very comfortable, once you know how to position them properly. If you wear glasses, there might be some discomfort after a while due to having both the wire sleeve and the arm of the glasses resting on your ears. There are some photos online of people wearing the SE215's incorrectly (left and right sides reversed). Obviously, using them correctly makes a huge difference in comfort and bass response. The over the ear style helps keep the cord out of the way, where they're less likely to snag on something. The sound isolation is very effective, which means they shouldn't be used anywhere you need to be able to hear. If you're considering these but are hesitating, give them a try. I'm glad I did.
I bought these as I read one "In Ear Monitor's comparison chart" in Head-Fi.org and these were among the top (in regards of sound quality) in the sub 100$ price range. I am glad I did that research.Isolation is simply impressive, really helpful when flying. Sound quality out-of-the-box is also outstanding. They are very balanced. I compared them to my full-size Sennheiser HD-595 which I find very detailed and balanced (probably lacking a little bass) and the Shure 215 come close (to my ears) in sound quality.I would recommend them for musicians. This is a design most drummers and other instrument players would appreciate.On the other hand, they may not be comfortable and practical for most people. It takes time to get used to wear these, and also taking them in or out of your ears requires some effort and a few seconds, so I wouldn't recommend them for people who need something easy to remove and put back in quickly. If you are at work and somebody comes to talk to you, these will not come out as easy as many other "earphones" and you will need also to spend some time putting them back in the right way.The case/pouch (included, no need to buy it separately) http://www.amazon.com/Shure-EASCASE-Soft-Zippered-Earphone/dp/B002FYFA5O/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1351535875&sr=8-3&keywords=shure+casemay not be as good and rigid as the one provided with higher end models (e.g. Shure 535):http://www.amazon.com/Shure-EAHCASE-Weave-Pouch-Earphones/dp/B001P5HL42/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1351535875&sr=8-1&keywords=shure+caseBut I find it good enough for protection purposes.
I'm a jaded guy. I've had everything from electrostatic headphones to just about every major brand of earbuds known. I have some Sony sound cancelling headphones that are hard to beat, along with Yamaha earbuds that shine like new money.This set from Shure shames them all.Once you get the right foam tip on the end, and finally get it just right in the ear, the sound experience is unequaled. These buds are just like I like them, bright and flat. The bass is outstanding, not only in range (downward) but in clarity. These buds do not get the least bit 'boomy', which can happen frequently with earbuds. Some manufacturers seem to be overcompensating in the bass department, just because they are earbuds. These buds perform near perfect bass, without any doubling, rattling, or muffling. Quite an accomplishment.The mid range area is really good. Vocals come through with a vibrant clarity I have never experienced before in speakers that fit inside the ear. The only experience I can relate it to is the mid-range horns in my Klipsch Heresy speakers, which absolutely KILL (in a good way) the vocal range. Excellent. (Stuff it Klipsch haters, there is no 'honkiness', it is a figment of your imagination.)The high range is also quite good. High frequency overtone reproduction is so very important for completing the stereo imaging of mid and bass frequencies. This device delivers.You would think it would be impossible to get such high definition bass, mid and high frequencies out of one driver. My hat is off to the engineers at Shure for pulling it off. Even the Yamaha EPH-100 can't quite do it, and they are really good.Overall, I can't believe I waited so long to get a pair of these. Get some for yourself. These may be too good, in a sense, because such quality sound is not really needed in most applications that use earbuds: exercising, casual listening, etc. All I can say is it is better to have the capability and not need it than the opposite. With the Shure earbuds, I can tell if I am listening to a CD or MP3 where I cannot tell when using my JVC buds. You need to decide if you need that much quality. As for me, too much quality is just what I want.The cords are a blessing and a curse. Being super (Kevlar) tough, they are a blessing since they will hardly tear up in normal use. Also, being replaceable is a fantastic option that should be on every pair of $100+ earbuds/phones like all cars have steering wheels. However, the material has to be 'taught' to stay in place. The over-the-ear cords do take some effort to get used to. It is worth the effort, believe me, although YMMV and it is a deal killer for you.Also, I used some Radians earplug material to make myself some custom molded earphones, as many people do nowadays. The experience is 5 times better than with the expanding foam seals. You just will not hear anything from the outside, so driving with them is out of the question. I do use them to do yard work, and listen to my fave MP3's, so even while weed eating, I am listening to music with no interfering noise to speak of.If you are an audiophile that needs some earphones, GET THESE NOW!!!
I received these phones to replace an older pair of Shure sound isolating phones I bought several years ago and loved.  This set is probably NOT going to work for most people so I would NOT recommend them (I will be returning them).First, the plug DOES NOT fit in the jack of an Iphone if you have a case on it - you must REMOVE the Iphone from the case to plug them in which is very annoying.Second, the plugs themselves are difficult to fit into your ear and the cord section right next to the plugs is very stiff which causes the phones to come out of your ears over and over again.  The best way to get them to stay in place is to wrap the cord over the top of your ears after inserting the phones and that isn't practical for many people and thus shortens the overall cord length making it inconvenient.Lastly, the phones themselves spin at the entry point into the ear ALSO causing them to come out of your ear if you move the cord.All in all, VERY DISAPPOINTING product.  The sounds quality is ok but the other factors - can't plug into Iphone if it has a case, and dont stay in your ears outweigh the usefulness.
I used to have a pair of E2Cs.  Unfortunately, I lost them.  This is the newer version of that product.I have been using a cheap pair of earbuds by another company, and haven't been happy with the sound quality.  Luckily, these sound just like me E2Cs.  Great low end for earbuds of this price, and a very nice and powerful sound across the full spectrum.  You may not have the mids and super-fine details of a more expensive set, but you would be hard-pressed to find something better for this price.The headphones are well-constructed, they come with a great selection of cushions, they have a solid and removable cord, and they fit perfectly in the ears.If you are looking for a great mid-range pair of earbuds, these are a great choice.  My music doesn't sound muddled and not "full" anymore!
I was a big fan of shure's E2C headphones.  Yes, I too was bit by the "one side cutout" issue but their sound was beautiful with great noise reduction.  I bought the SE215s as their replacement and must say they are very nice.  Sound is great, rich, clear, and balanced. The cord seems sturdy and the ability to replace it is a nice feature (I bought a replacemnt cord just in case).  My only minor issue is the fit - my left ear canal must be slightly larger than my right and the "seal" is not as good on that ear.  It does not impact my enjoyment but I find myself adjusting the left side (pushing it back in ear) a little more often than I did with E2Cs.  Again, this is minor and I would recommend these.  Good sound, good noise isolation.
These have plenty of volume and the sound is much better than previous earbuds I have used.  Of course this comparison is of earbuds in the $20 range.  If your not an audiophile, don't spend the extra money.  They will need to last a long time for me to consider them a good value.
I looked around for a relatively affordable quality pair of headphones and saw this product reviewed a couple places online.  After receiving these I carry them everywhere with me - I'm addicted to the quality of sound they provide and how well they reduce incoming noises from other sources.  I use for sound monitoring at home while editing as well as while I'm out listening to Pandora.  For me this was a great purchase.
I've been using Bose in ear headphones for so long I didn't think there was anything that could be better other than studio headphones.  I was wrong way wrong, a friend of mine bought these things and I just so happened to borrow them one day (couldn't find my Bose) and these blew me away.  In fact the next day when I returned these to my friend, I told him I bought some on Amazon last night.I simply love them, along with great sound they basically cut you off from the outside world with its sound isolation technology.  I thought my Bose were good at that and after using these I realized that Bose didn't do anything but let outside sounds be heard.  I also like how the actual speakers separate from the cable so after extensive use they can be replaced.The only downside I have had with these is the over ear part of using them, seems to be hard for them to keep their shape once in your ear.  Shure could have done better in my opinion by just keeping it simple with a cable hanging from them.Overall, these are well worth the $100 you will spend to get them, they are far superior to Bose in-ear headphones.  If the money isn't a problem to you then these will serve you well.
These are literally the best headphones I've owned I have some beats by Dre pro studio headphones but nothing compare to these I am a musician and I played at a big festival and could not hear anything but the tracks playing in my ears. Just to test out how good they block sound while they had music playing before the show started I stood by the speakers with the head phones in and played music from my iPad and all I heard was the music from the iPad playing they are great the best money can by......!!!!!!!!!
I just ordered a set of these to replace my old, reliable Shure E3c earphones.  Both are over-the-ear earphones.  I found the SE215's boomy and lacking in mids and highs, music that sounded live and crisp in my old E3c's sound dead and muffled in the SE215's.  I'm returning these and trying the SE315's, instead.  The only positive about the new 215s was that (for my ears) the fit of the small black foamies was much, much better than the yellow foamies in the E3c's.  Incredible isolation, almost TOO good, if you know what I mean.  I could hear my own heartbeat and every step I took translated to a vibration in my ears.  Also, the formable wires at the ends of the cords provides an improved fit around the top of my ears than the old E3c's.  The 315's seem to share the same physical design, so I hope that the sound quality is better.  Oh well, what did I expect?  The 215's were half the price of the old E3c's, ten years ago!
Why did sure stop at 17kHz??!!!  Bass is awesome, mids and voices are phenomenal!!!!  Any genre sounds great....EXCEPT the crispness of high hats and cymbals or anything of a high frequency... great separation, soundstage...Seriously....Why not finish the job???  The construction is great, the covers are great...the wiring is thick...UGH!!! They are not my Ultrasone Pro 550, but for $100...
The product arived right on time before the weekend.  I enjoy the headphone a great deal.  The sound is clear and natural but not imposing.  Need a little get-use-to to put them on.  The are more comfortable than the pair I owned for 5 years until recently.  A little bigger than the old pairs (the 3-level).  Sound isolation works as expected.  A lot less wire noise than my old pair.  The low is not as significant as expected and described by other users.  After all it is a 2-level.
I bought these for two main reasons: to have good monitors for stage and studio use, as regular ear phones tend to fall out while playing drums. My other reason was to own a good quality and durable set of earphones. These earphones do just that! The interchangeable cable allows me to simply buy a new cable instead of a whole new set, if the cable fails. The design is very good as well. These never, ever fall out of my ears. The audio quality is pretty much perfect. Very crisp high end and a very well-rounded low end. Seems to accurately render my music. The noise cancelling is amazing for flights. Purchase these and you WILL NOT be disappointed. Plus, you get to look cool with clear monitors coming out of the back of your shirt into your ears ;)
This was my solution to a noisy office where people close by talk.  Blocks out considerable amount of talking.  The white noise that I play sounds great (for white noise).  The part that fits in the ear, right outside the ear canal, is a bit large for my tiny ears.  Hurts a little and takes a little while to get them in and out.
It's really great, almost the best for about $90-100 headphonesGreat sound quality, comfortable for wearingThe wire for the clear one will become kinda of green.
My first impression is that the headphones are great.  They have a great mix between lows, mids, and highs.  The box they are packaged in is nice and sturdy, but easy to get into.They are without a doubt the best noise isolating headphones I've ever owned.  I couldn't hear a thing while listening to my music.  I plan on using these as a monitor for playing live drums, and I think they are going to work great for that.
I recently purchased a pair of Shure SE 215 earphones after almost two weeks of research into products currently on the market for MP3 listening.Currently, I can say every time I use these 215s, I am totally impressed each time I put them on.My only prior experience with Shure products was in the 1960s,with microphones.They were all I could ask for also.The 215s are as described in several other reviews,they take some getting used to,but are worth the time spent finding the right set up for your ears.I would recommend this product to anyone!!
Before getting these I had Klipsch Image S4's, which I loved but were not that well built. The headphone jack on them came lose making them useless, after only 7 months of use. The Shure's are much better built, with a strong, thick (but not cumbersome) cord. The heads also swivel on the cable meaning that they don't get tangled. The way you put them on seems weird at first (in, then up, over, and down the back of your ear) but you get used to it quickly, it's very comfortable, and it seems almost impossible that they could fall out.Sound quality seems to be around the same as the Klipsch, but I do think that vocals sound a little crisper, and they tend to emphasis little things (like soft high-hats or piano in the background of a song) that I never noticed with the Klipsch. All in all, they're a great, and I would probably buy from Shure again.
The Shure SE 215 earbuds are the best earbuds that i ever bought. I've owned many earbuds, literally, but none like these. I'm new to the "audiophile" world and have not been very experienced with really good headphones but on the price margin I can say that these are the best out there. These buds out perform more expensive earbuds of its price range, especially the Beats by dre, no disrespect or hate intended but these headphones blow it out of the park.
The left headphone of the Shure SE-215's just did not work when they arrived. If Shure manages to fix this issue quickly and efficiently, I will let you guys know.
I love how they sit flush with my ear and I can use them in bed with out driving the speaker into my eardrum.  I agree with other reviewers that the sound cancellation may be too good. By the time I here my wife yelling my name she is already upset.
The Shure SE215s are some amazing little headphones for $99. The sound Isolation is above and beyond what I could have ever asked for. even at low I can not hear hardly anything. I have burned these in over the last week and I feel the bass has tightened a bit but still has a nice punch to it. The mids and highs are there but I could ask for more. I want to upgrade to the se535s already as have triple the drivers would really help with sound quality across the board. Understandably these are $99 dollar buds, so for the price these are some of the best bass headphones around. The around the ear design really helps with the isolation and bass reproduction, however it will take a day or two to get used to. As I have had these a little over a week I have put the rounds through these things and can say the durability is very nice. We will see in the next few months if they have problems like a few others have had but as of now I simply cant think of another ear bud in this price range I could recommend over these.All Stats are based on a 1-10 scale. 1 bad - 10 amazing!Build Quality:10Comfort:8Lows:9Mids:7Highs:7Soundstage:7Overall sound:8Noise isolation(keeping outside sound out 1= no isolation) :10Sound leakage(sound that comes out into the environment 1= leaks a lot):10Appearance:8Portable:10Value:10
When I first got these iem I was stunned at the lack of bass that they had but after some burn in the bass started to show though. Now if you are looking for deep thick bass look else ware but if you are looking for crisp clean bass these fit the bill very well. With the corect tips these iem can really tune out noise so be careful if out and about. Thes iem are very easy to drive cleanly running on just about any sourse but seem to not gel well with tube amps.For referance other cans I own are ath m40s, grado 325 woody and cable mods, dathbyers.
I'll start with the CONCUSIION: Perhaps the best sound available for the money, with one caveat.BUILD: Over the Top. This is professional gear suitable as on-stage in-ear monitors. I've been through 2 sets of Sony headphones whose cables tangle incessantly and short out too quickly. While stiff, these cables appear bullet proof and are replaceable if not. That's great "cable insurance". Note: I believe a burn-in is necessary as well as the right tip for your ear. I am happy with the foam that came installed.WEAR: Comfortable and will not dislodge, Period.SOUND: (Disclaimer: A true Audiophile avoids the use of a graphic equalization, so I'm disqualified. To my ear, all phones / speakers can be improved by shaping the sound. I'm a semi-pro performing rock/pop drummer. I want some kick in my sound. My Reference Sound: Sony MDR-EX300, Bose QC15, BMW Premium Sound. Main source material for this review: Seal (1994), a very well produced album.With a single driver Sure had to sacrifice some upper and lower end sound, but far less than you might expect. There is a natural "open" sound that is fun to listen to and never harsh. Separation, soundstage and overall articulation are very good. Way better than MDR-EX300 and even the QC15 in most arias.Highs: The super transient highs are rolled off, yes, but only by spending twice the money would I expect improvement. Meanwhile what is there is effortless and pleasing.Mids: Here is where they really shine. Seal's vocals have never sounded better. Usually I need to reduce the mid's with EQ. Not here. No closed or "boxy" sound. Great instrumental sound in this range.Base: Clean, articulate, if lacking what the QC15 offers in the very low end. I have a long low reference base note in Seal's "Bring it On". It's right at the words "So what lies undone is your Kingdom Come". The Sure's handled it well enough, though not ground moving. The QC15s are better here. But what more do you expect for the price and seize considering the very good Mids and Highs? I'd say nothing.What is pleasing is the natural mix of all 3, High/Mid/Base. This allowed me to hear new things in songs I've loved for years. That's impressive.THE ONE CON: These baby's need to be "installed" in your ears, not popped in like your standard ear bud. It takes two hands for each ear. This is a lot of fuss just to listen to one song. It takes time and effort compared to anything you've had before. Not a deal breaker, just know this going in.VERDICT: Don't waste your time looking for better sound at this price. Better to waste it instead on the effort "installing" them in your ears. I'm perfectly willing to.
Overall, these are good options for sound isolating earphones. I use these in a live church service setting as in ear monitors. The quality is good but have had some problems with crackling in one of them. I have read and believe it could be the connection point between the earbud and the wire. The others work fine. Overall happy with them and work well for our needs.
I bought these at an airport kiosk to replace my stock apple ear buds.  I primarily bought these for the isolation qualities -- crying babies, jet noise.I don't know what impressed me more, the sound isolation or the sound quality, both are excellent.Another nice feature is that with the sound quality and isolation, you hardly need to turn the volume up.Shure's fitting system is a little hard to adjust to at first, but after a while the cord molds to your ear shape and with practice, the monitors insert in easily.Shure also deserves credit for recognizing the two most likely damaged components of in-the-ear monitors: the ear tips and the cords, can be replaced, thus leavingyour investment in the electronics safe.
Poor bass response, not at all worth the price.  Was major disappointment vs equivalent Klipsch models.  Mos tother reviewers commented on the lack of bass response as well, but understate how bad it is.
First impression of unboxing these was the great sound isolation on these, which I wasn't expecting.  Sound isolation wasn't even a criteria I was looking for when purchasing a new pair of IEMs.  I'll go over a few aspects that made me really like these:Comfort and Fit:  I usually have a hard time with IEMs staying in my ears.  A lot of models come with the interchangeable pads, but a lot of times they're just three different sizes.  I like that these come with three different sizes in two different materials.  I found the harder rubber inserts to fit better without slipping and once you get the right fit and seal, it really does make a difference in sound quality.Lows:  The bass really shine with these headphones.  I tried several genres of music and each one had great response.  Picked up the rich tones in classical, sufficed great with hard rock and, personally, I think sounded best with folk and R&B with a nice laid back sound.  Bass wasn't overpowering though and added to the sound rather than created the sound.Mids:  I found this the weakest part of these headphones with some music.  Male vocals sound a bit recessed and guitar a little muddled, but I expect this might open up with some burn in.  Compared to my Senn HD600 and AKG K240M, these sounded weak, but that's an unfair comparison.  For IEMs these still outperformed a lot of other models and I'm still hoping they'll develop a fuller sound.  Having my music on shuffle I got Brighteyes Middleman, which started to change my mind on the mids.  Strings and vocals sounded great on these, with vocals taking more of frontstage.Highs:  Not too much to comment on the highs yet.  Out of the box they sound pretty good.  I find the highs to typically be the most fatiguing for my eyes, but I didn't have a problem with this set.Soundstage:  The sound isolation really helps develop a soundstage for these, which is impressive for a set of IEMs.  I expected more of an "in your head" feel to these but found with classical instruments were well placed.  For this I listened to Grieg's Piano Concerto in A Minor and really enjoyed it.Couple other pluses for these were the thicker gauge cable, which make these feel much sturdier than comparable models and the unassuming look which blend in, which is positive if you're not trying to draw attention to your valuables.Overall these seem great and I hope that they get even better with some burn in time.
Let me start off by saying, these headphones have pretty much the BEST sound quality you will get from ear buds. They sound just as good, if not better than every pair of over-ear studio headphones I've ever owned. Unlike most ear buds, they are really comfortable. The foam pieces that go in your ear are very soft and didn't cause me any irritation like ear buds normally do. They also have GREAT noise cancellation. These things must be made out of the same stuff they make ear plugs for shooting guns with.NOW...I used these headphones for 3 months and the right ear piece has loose wiring already. I can't get any sound out of it. I used them to listen to music off my iPhone while I walked to class, so it's not like I even needed them to be that durable. These would totally be worth the price if they had lasted me a decent amount of time, but 3 months is pretty bad.
The Shure headphones seemed to be good quality but getting them to fit correctly was impossible, we tried all of the different ends that came with the headphones and none were comfortable and the wire that goes over your ear is a real pain.
These earphones are a good choice if you prefer:1) good sounding dynamics;2) detachable cable;3) iPhone compatibility (for that you'd need to buy a cable with remote/mic).I like the sound and build quality of this model. If you buy it together with an iPhone-compatible cable it will be cheaper than Monster Turbine with ControlTalk (140 USD vs. 169).Highly recommended.
All I have to say is boom goes the dynamite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And theseEarphones are worth every penny. $100 bucks is nothing  if your looking for earphones for any type of workout
The only reason I had to buy new Shure ear buds was the fact that I left mine in the seat pocket of the airplane!  The price is reasonable for the quality of sound you get, the fit, even for my small ear canals, is comfortable, and no ear fatigue.  We travel almost every month so they do get a workout and they just keep on going!
I researched & tried multiple brands of $100 - 200 priced ear buds (Bose, Sennheiser, etc).  After reading a number of reviews on Amazon and other places, I decided to order the Shure SE215's.  They are the best!  I would even match them up against over-the-ear headphones from Beats & Bose.  They provide excellent highs, mids & lows!  And the SE215's have an added bonus of being solid noise-canceling headphones.
After couple of etymotic and klipsch and many more i bought these as a second headphone. Oh my god these are super headphones far better than etymotics hf2s and klipsch s4s. The first minute you will hear the difference mid and lows, the isolation. Nice package, cheap looking case. What did i do? I gave these to my brother order 535 right away. To be honest the 535 did not make the same impact as 215s. I will wait. But at 80-90 dollar range you will get best sound, high build quality, tank like durability. Klipsch s4s feels like a joke compare to shure 215 and they are close in the price range. Go and buy them, you won't regret it.
I am sorry to say that I am relatively disappointed in these IEM's. I listen almost entirely to heavy/death metal and bought these because I read numerous reviews that they are amazing for this genre, because if you listen to this genre as well you know it is hard to find good headphones for it. Well, these IEM's kind of suck for this genre. In general (for all genres) the bass is weak, if you set an iPod's EQ to hip hop to boost the bass the head phones can't handle it and give that crunchy plastic distorted sound when the bass hits. I compared the same exact songs with the same EQ to the free Apple headphones and those did not distort the bass and sounded much better than the SE-215's. If the EQ was off there was almost no bass presence in any song. The mid's and hi's are pretty good, the hi's don't overkill like most headphones. The build quality is ok, it is very difficult to disconnect the cable from the monitors, which is good, but I'm starting to have the infamous left monitor intermittent connection issue after just a month of owning them. The audio connector is way too huge, you can't use it with about 95% of iPhone cases. The sound isolation really is amazing, I don't use the foam tips included because they are impossible to take off and you pretty much have to destroy them to take them off, but the silicon ones are just as good at sound isolation. The chord is about 3 ft too long, and the memory wire near the monitors is just way too stiff and makes it difficult, even when formed to your ears, to keep the buds from pivoting about the bud and sticking out of your ear. The cable construction is very good, I feel confident they won't break because of frayed wires. But I have also tested these with hip hop, pop, dubstep, techno and rock. And really they don't sound that good, they are pretty much on the same level, if not lower than the free Apple headphones just with a moreComfortable fit and significantly more inconvenience. I will say that if you listen mainly to acoustic music, with no bass, then these are the headphones for you. I really wish I could return these now. I'll probably sell them and buy the Klipsch S4's or whatever that everyone recommends.
Shure SE SE215-K - Single Dynamic MicroDriver Sound Isolating In Ear Earphones, BlackThese earphones are well built with a rugged construction. The cord is thick and does not get tangled. They have a secure fit. They fit in the ear. the cord wraps around the ear and then you can tighten the cord behind you head. That makes them great for exercising and running.The one short coming is that they have absolutely no bass.Update 12-20-13 Shure has excellent customer service.  I had the ear buds about 14 months when the cord broke.  They came with a 2 year warranty.  I mailed the damaged ear buds to Shure and received a brand new pair within two weeks.  Thanks Shure.
Oh my stars! Suddenly I'm hearing sounds I've never heard before, even on songs I've enjoyed for years. I can only compare these to cheaper models. I am not a musician and would not spend $200 on earbuds. I did need to replace the foam tips that came on them (I ruined them taking them off) but the buds come with an assortment of tip sizes. The buds are curved to fit inside your ear and the cord goes up and behind your ear. After a few times wearing, the cord sort of molds to the shape of your ear and the buds are easier to place. The "up and over the ear" may take a bit of getting used to, but hey, it's all what you're used to and these are worth getting used to!
I own these earbuds and i need to say that these are the best earbuds i have ever heard.About the isolation-The earbuds are so isolating when you first use them you cannot hear anything or anyone when you put your ipod at 25% power. If you think that you could go on a jog with these be careful cause you will not  hear a thing. After a while I need to take out the earbuds because it can get uncomfortable hearing nothing from the outside world.Also when you play the music it will feel like the music is coming strait from your brain.Sound Quality-The treble is nicely represented, not to harsh and not to rolled off. The mids are brilliant but when i first used them i thought that the vocals sounded a little quiet on these but i find that after a month or two these earbuds break in and everything sounds beautiful. Now my favorite part, the bass. I love the bass on these. I have the ATH-M50 and those sound great but sometimes id like a little more boom to my bass, and these earbuds do a fantastic job of delivering bass (Its not annoyingly bassy, but I find it to be just right).Another note-When I was looking for earbuds i had to choose between these the soul by luda, and the beats. These earbuds are made for ADULTS and not some fancy pantsy rapper. Dont get the cool looking pieces of plastic because they look cool, save your money and get something that will sound better- PLEASE!Anyways if your looking for a sub 150$ headphone than look no further because i cannot recommend this headphone enough.
When I first got these, I used the memory-foam-type ear tips and was really disappointed with the results. Extremely bass-y and muffled (to my taste), making Pink Floyd's The Wall almost unlistenable. But when I used the included soft-rubber flange-y ear tips, it was 100% better. Generally well-balanced; perhaps a little less high-end shimmer than my previous Etymotics ER6s, but better bass, more solid construction, and better fit.Regarding the latter, I am one of those who likes to listen to music as I'm going to sleep, and fortunately, these work pretty well in that regard - they're comfortable enough and low-profile enough that you can lie on your side on a pillow with them in and they are comfortable enough to fall asleep with. Not perfect- still just a _little_ too stick-y out-y, but better than any of the many other earbuds I've tried, including ones that I had Ultimate-Ears-style ear molds made for.For working out, they're a little fussy to get in, but once in, they stay in very well. As others have noted, the wires go up, around and behind your ears; doesn't bother me, but I suppose YMMV.Anyway, four stars, since I think the sound (especially the high end) could be a little cleaner (but then, that's why Shure makes higher-end earbuds, right?), but solid, comfortable and durable. I'm pleased.
I frequently use these earphones, as I'm out and about every day. They're great for having on the subway and they cancel noise out way better than the Bose. I often miss my stop on the train, because I can't hear the voice announcing the stop, and I don't listen that loud. The inserts mold perfectly to my ear and are more comfortable than the Bose.Also, I had a previous pair of Bose break due to my cat biting them. She bit right through the speaker on her first try. She's also gotten a hold of these, but the speak is protected by a hard plastic barrier due to the construction on the ear bud, so she can't bit through it, unless she has it for awhile perhaps.
Solid in ears. First pair. I have a hd650 with audinst hudmx dac to compare and it obv doesn't measure up but very good in its own right. Durable, good design, great for day to day use. Good isolation. I use it with Comply Tx-100 Foam Tips 3-Pair Pack, Medium (Black) to prevent earwax/debris from getting in.BIG TIP: realized this late. My foam tips kept breaking before since I just stuffed them in my ear but I learned you HAVE to squeeze them down all around and let them inflate in your ear. That way they do not break as easily. Maybe not obvious to everyone lol
I've owned several sets of on-ear noise cancelling headphones from Sennheiser over the last several years, but decided to try these in-ear Shure SE215s at the recommendation from an online review site.  Wow.  Wow!The sound isolation from these headphones is simply incredible.  Noises from planes, office environments, mowing grass, etc. are almost completely blocked out.  The incredible thing about this isolation is that I now hear musical passages and sounds that I would never have heard in these noisy environments from a portable set of headphones. As an added benefit, there is no active circuitry, so batteries are a thing of the past!The sound quality of these are amazing as well.  I've paid more than twice as much for over-the-ear cans and honestly have a hard time finding much difference in the sound from these portables.  There is a slight over-emphasis in the mid bass that I sometimes have to tame with the free Denon EQ/Audio app that I typically use, but the rest of the spectrum is top notch, especially for the price.  If I wanted to spend more, I've no doubt that the sound quality would only get better the SE315s or 415s.I am pleased with the comfort of these as well.  It took a little time to adjust to the feel of a set of in-ear headphones since I was coming from years of on-ear portables.  I tried all of the supplied pads and settled on the medium foam set.  I can wear these continuosly for 5-6 hours if needed, so transcontinental flights are a breeze.  Sleeping in these is much easier than before as well.  They are much less obtrusive than on-ear phones and the sound volume can be very low because of the high isolation.Construction seems to be good as well.  I have seen other reviews regarding one or the other cable giving problems, but I haven't had these problems and I have used them outside, exposing them to sweat and numerous cable snags.  Having the ability to replace the entire cable assembly for roughly $30 is a nice plus too.In short I'm very happy with these headphones.  The fact that these sound so good, yet are so small and portable is amazing to me.  If you have a discerning ear and might find the need for occasional EQ on some recordings to be a nusiance, you might want to spend more and go for the SE315s.  If you are like me and don't want to spend more than $100 on a set of portable headphones that might get lost, stolen, or otherwise damaged, then look no further.Pros:-Noise isolation is amazing-Sound quality is impressive for price-Comfort is very good, 5+ hours is easy, and sleep is also possible.Cons:-Mid-bass might be too heavy for some, can be tamed with a little EQ.
Better than Beats, better than Bose!! These have the best sound! I use these for tracking, I'm a drummer and they are great while playing!!!This item shipped quick too! Love my In Ears!
Let me start off by saying these are the BEST earphones I have ever tried. The sound quality rivals headphones such as the M-50 and porta pros and surpasses beats and bose. The only thing holding it back is its disgusting durability. I have had these for less than a month and the left ear is already breaking. I put down $120 on these earphones and I am EXTREMELY disappointed at this. The sound quality was great and I was considering replacing my over ear headphones with these, however, given that these broke, I can't. DO NOT BUY THESE EARPHONES. When I read that the left earphone breaks from other review I unfortunately didn't believe it. Believe every review that says the left earphone breaks. This is absolutely unacceptable. The fact that IPOD headphones last longer than this says something.UPDATE1 Star. I owned it for a year and my fourth pair broke. I paid nearly 50 dollars for returns. Stay away.
I love these earbuds, they work so well with music and keeping outside noise out, people who want me literally have to come poke me because I don't hear them.
These particular earbuds are very good for commuting or jogging or whatever vigorous activity you may be engaged in because of the way they fit in and over your ears. They also provide very good sound as far as bass,highs,lows and midrange. Would definitely recommend them.
I didn't want to spend the money on headphones but I realize, you have to. After trying some TDK's and Logitec Ultimate earbuds both disappointing in quality, I knew I had to expand the price range, I already knew what company to choose from, "Shure". These did not only sound better but the cord and plug is built thicker and made to last longer. Make sure you know how these fit before you buy, they didn't take long to get use to and I enjoy the fit like any other. Great product, I can't imagine anyone rating low on a Shure headphone that is not defective.
These headphones 1) have great audio quality, I am always hearing details music that I never hear on my 5.1 THX audio system at home and 2) The sound isolating works incredibly well for me with the foam earbuds (included). I can be in a room of people talking and literally hear nothing. My friends will make fun of me and yell my name and say foolish things about me, and I have never noticed until they wave their hands in front of my face. Great headphones for getting in the zone for computer work.I had Klipsch Image S4i's before these and these Shure blow them away.
I'm using the smallest plug and it still seems too big.  This hanging over your ears is a joke.  Can't be done.  Wires are too long, so it's hard to get a good seal to block out other sounds.
Upgraded from my 8yr old Shure pair and was getting sick of the pairs that came with my phones.  Definitely an improvement over their old model, my ears fit into either the medium or large gel inserts, which leads me to believe that as long as u relatively have no trouble with other in-ear buds these WILL fit snug.  Deifnitely the build and sound quality I'd expect from Shure.Price 4/5Treble 5/5Bass 5/5Comfort 4/5Build Quality 5/5Aesthetics & extras 5/5
I would classify my self as an audiophile. I have a Mcintosh amp and B&W 803D Speakers as my main listening environment. I would say these are a little light in the bass department for my liking the highs were crisp bu not over powering. I would say these are very good for the money. I have there predisesors and have used them for years. the E2c. I can not report any issues with this headset. I would like more clear highs and some more deep bass but given the drive configuration of these they are very good.  I would buy them again
Ok this review is based on out the box with no burn in time. I used a Cowon J3 with mp3s @ 320kbps and FLAC .  Types were jazz, rock, r&b , old school hip hop,  reggae, and blues. Have other types of music but this is all I tested.This is the best overall sounding IEM I have ever heard.  My other IEMs have been MEElectronics a151 , MEElectronics sp51, Denon AH-C710k , Denon AH-C452K , Phillips SHE-8500 , and Altec Lansing UHP336.  They take a little getting used to getting into the ear the first time. After that it gets easier.Bass: Clean for the most part. Only get a little muddy on song where the studio tried to pump up the bass more than it should have.Mids: clean and warmHighs: it's there but doesn't hurt your ears.These are also fun sounding. Not sure if that is a real thing but that's how I will describe them. I have not tried to take the cable off as I think only reason to do that is when it needs to be replaced.
These were my first "sound-isolating" headphones, and I wish I had fully appreciated the meaning of that.  They are, in essence, earplugs with a hole through which sound is piped.  I found them awkward to put on due to their "over-ear" fit, uncomfortable to continue wearing, and bothersome to pop out when somebody wanted to talk to me.  These are headphones to wear for the long haul -- a walk, a workout, or uninterrupted tasks.I had no complaints about the sound quality, but coming from Bose IE headphones, the bass seemed quite light in comparison, and the sensation of sealing off my ears did not add to the experience.Finally, after less than a week of usage, the left channel cut out -- but only when connected to my iPod.  Apple products do seem to be pickier when it comes to connectivity and power chargers, but that's not much of an excuse.  Other headphones work fine with the iPod, and the Shure headphones work with other devices.I was disappointed with this product.  The reviews were promising and they looked very cool, but they are not the answer for my needs.  I've since purchased a pair of Bose IE2s and I am much, much happier.
Just received the headphones yesterday and tried them out immediately. Well first I got to say these headphones sound great! Awesome sound and deep lows, which should be expected out of a set of good quality monitoring headphones that cost this much. My only complaints are that the earphones don't fit exactly in the inner ear unless you have them just right. So you have to mess with them a little until you find the right position for your ear. If you don't have them positioned correctly, the sound is awful and you won't be impressed at all. The other complaint is the price. There are so many monitoring style earphones out on the market today that are much lower but I'd imagine the sound quality would not be as great. Well, just for the record, this is not exactly true. I also bought a set of MEElectronics M6-BK for around $20. These headphones sound almost as good, for just a 1/4 of the price. If I would have known this before, I might not have purchased the Shure earphones. Although I'm a little remorseful for purchasing these Shure headphones at this price, I'm not dis-satisfied about the sound and quality. The biggest difference you'll see upfront between the Shure and other earphones (in the lower price range) is the quality of the build. The Shure has heavy duty wiring (lined with Kevlar) and gold connections, where the $20 headphones do not. So in short, the Shure earphones are a good buy if money is not a major deal breaker.
I had an older pair of Shure earphones, the E2C I think.  They were great until the cables got slammed in the door, exposing the wiring, and had to be replaced.  I bought some Klipsch ones based on excellent reviews, but I hated them in comparison to my old Shures.  The Klipsch ones got stolen (good luck with those awful earphones sucker!)  I couldn't find the E2Cs, but these seemed comparable--Shure earphones for around $100.  These are great, maybe better than the E2Cs.  They are "noise-cancelling" in the way that they fill up your ear canal with a tight seal--great for airplanes, etc. without the big-old active noise cancelling devices.  Seriously, I've had people talking to me and I can't hear a word until I remove them.  Great sound reproduction, especially deep bass.  I love them.  If I had to pick a downside, they are a bit bulkier than say the stock iPod pieces of trash, but these are fine for running, working out, etc.  I wouldn't cycle with them just because you wouldn't be able to hear any upcoming cars or other road hazards.  Another good thing about these--if you work out hard and sweat like I do, you build up earwax in the canal of the earphone. These come with a special wire-loop device specifically built for cleaning that out!  Keep up the good work Shure.
So the Shure SE215 Blacks are my 3rd pair of earphones over $50.00 that I've purchased in the last year. Prior to the Shure's I had the Klipsch S4i's and the Beats Tour HD.  Without a doubt the Shure's beat both sets.  The Klipsch had a poor fit for me and lasted about 4 months.  The strain reliefs weren't very good and eventually I lost signal in the right channel.  In comparison, the Shure's are designed in the professional monitor way and the strain on cables stops at the top of the ear instead of at the hub.  Additionally having a replaceable cable helps too.  The Beats Tour HD's were a disaster, especially for 150 bucks. They also had poor fit and the although the ribbon cable was interesting, it wasn't very sturdy and quickly sustained a tear through the rubber.  The right channel on these also went out in less than 4 months.  As far as fit goes for the Shure's, these actually are designed to fit in the ear comfortably and the foam cushions seal up really well.  It takes a minute to get used to the cables going over the ears.  The sound is tough to qualify.  Its for sure less punchy that the Beats but that is to be expected.  I'm using an iPod Touch 4th gen and tried both the standard music player program and EQu with a customized equalizer setup.  The standard music player emphasizes the base alot.  Using a custom equalizer setup, you can dial down the bass a bit and bring out the mid's and highs.  The Shure's sound great after some tweaking.  Overall I would definitely recommend these monitors over the Klipsch's and Beats at the price range.
I'll start with the most important thing: yeah, these sound really, really good. Highs and mids are clear and distinct.  Layers of sound appear that you just can't hear with stock earbuds.  The bass rumbles, thumps, rolls and menaces when it should.  I've had various pairs of Etymotics, Sennheisers, and Ultimate Ears at this price point, and these destroy them all - especially for bass.  On tracks like "Also Sprach Zarathustra" and "Harder Better Faster Stronger," these earbuds will move you.They come with plenty of extra tips, a cleaning tool, and a really nice case.  The cord is detachable and replaceable - a very nice touch, considering how often the cord fails on earbuds.  The one downside is the over-the-ear cable, which is a little annoying, but you'll get used to it.
I've never tried serious IEMs before. These ones are nice. Sit comfortable, cable noise is rarely heard. I wear them with cables around the ears, as the instruction suggests--probably it's *the* way to wear IEMs, not sure. A few different molds are included, and I think I've found ones fitting. The construction seems to be solid, I don't think I'll accidentally break the cable (as it happened before with cheaper in-ear phones).Some time is required to put the phones on or off, but I think I'll get used to it. However, it would be better if the part of cable that goes around the ear bent a bit more.I like the sound, bass is not too much but enough. Probably a bit lacking in high frequencies, but of course that's just me after Beyerdynamic cans that maybe have an excess of those. Also, I don't know how IEMs should or can sound like, so my opinion isn't really relevant here. I like that I can listen to music on pretty low levels even in a street noise, but it's dangerous in that you may not hear a car driving right behind you.
I fully agree with SK.  Although this headset has great sound and isolation it is not able to be fully realized because the plugs are painful to the concha of the ear.  It's difficult to listen to an entire album in one sitting because of the acute pain inflicted by the earphones that are much too wide and too deep.  The awkward, heavy, inflexible cables don't lay well over the outside earlobe either.  I'm not so wild about sound quality that I will tolerate the poor fit of these headphones -- so I say back to the drawing board, Shure.
Coming from 3 year old Shure SCL3's, I already had high hopes of build quality as well as musical quality coming from the SE215's. One thing that initially got to me was the different form factor which does take getting used to (mainly because the SCL3's were simple "straight into ear canal"). Also it might be because of the shape of my ears or size of ear canal but the seal with these don't seem to be as tight as compared to the SE215's even though I use the yellow foam inserts for both of them.Lastly, I'm not much of an audiophile but these definitely have much more bass than I'm actually used to but for the genres that I listen to this is more than welcome. The only gripe that I have so far is the type/quality of the carrying case that comes with it. My previous Shure case was a hard case which I appreciated since it kept the foam inserts intact while this one is fairly soft which allows the foam to be compressed (basically defeats the purpose of having the foam inserts if they're already pre-compressed when you take them out).
better sound than the bose one. I bought it for my husband and he was pretty happy about the sound quarity.
I love music, no I really do. If I thought I could've made money at it I would have jumped at the chance. So I need pretty good ear-buds. I'm not rich or anything close to it. So 2, 3 or 4 hundred dollars for ear-buds is more than I want to spend. But I've had a few (last being SIEGE)and they always broke in a shorter time than expected. I'm not hard on them by any means, but I use them everyday to hold off the sounds of the world I live in. I NEED good/great sound. A comfortable fit and ease of use. Outside of that if they looked great it a plus. These SHURE SE215's are all that and more. Afterwards I bought from Amazon the interchangeable IPod cable.Pros: The sound is like being there (I've heard things I didn't here on my considerable home system.  Price $100.00 I bought them outside of Amazon from a dealer close by (that would honor a return if needed)  They look extra cool to me in my ears and in my hand. They are clear and stand out because of it.  The construction is soo much better than anything I've used, it's incredible.  The cable can be disconnected if damaged or in my case upgraded to one with an IPod controller and on cord Mic.  ++ They block 95% of the the external sounds around you.Cons: Getting them in correctly took some practice. They go in upside down from the way they look (like stage musicians wear them)and the cords go OVER your ears and in back.  Getting the correct bud will take trail and error.  -- They block 95% of the the external sounds around you. Some people will feels really vulnerable when are disconnected from their surroundings.Verdict- Where have they been all my life. I think I will get this brand of ear-buds from now on. They seem built to last and they sound wonderful. Nuff said.
I've been a dedicated SHURE listener for several years. My most recent pair was the SE210. Unfortunately they finally fell apart so I decided to upgrade to the 215s. Sadly, almost everything I love about the 210s has been changed for the worse with the 215s.The biggest reason I fell in love with SHURE at first listen many years ago was the clear articulation of every instrument and voice in my music. Every strum of the guitar, every vocal overtone, every snap of the snare drum was perfectly and crisply rendered. WOW! Now that's a sound worth paying some money for! It was easy to fall in love with that perfection.But with the 215s, all of a sudden, that crispness is gone... the individual articulation is muddied - the tones, once separate and distinctly recognizable, now bleed into and over each other... this is what I bought SHURE to get away from!Turns out that in the 210s, Shure used a Balanced Armature design for the micro-speaker. In the 215s they decided to go with a Dynamic Microdriver design. I don't know anything more about those two designs than this: one produces beautiful, articulate sound, and the other is sloppy, indiscriminate, and uninspiring. This is a HUGE step down in quality.Another reason I loved Shure on first listen is that they didn't blast me with extra bass. Their bass was solid, deep, and expressive, but never over-amped nor overbearing. This too has changed with the 215s; the bass is just overblown now and I had no other choice but to choose the "Bass Reducer" profile in my ipod EQ.I found that getting a secure fit with the earbuds was much more difficult with the 215s as well. Sadly, that was the least of my worries.After a few days I just couldn't stand it. I wanted to love the 215s, but I had to return them. What a HUGE disappointment.
7 months old, treat them like crud, and they sound as good as the day i bought them.I think i bought a lucky pair as many people had them short out. Lucky me.I recommend them to bass lovers and people who find treble irritating (very smooth sounding headphones)Decent sound stage and great bass response. The noise is also locked in so you can listen without bothering others.Highly recommended.
These Shure SE215-K are my first "real" headphones.  I have been using skullcandy for a few years, and have been plagued with failures, they die within 6 months.I decided to pay $100 for quality instead of $50 for junk.  I am very pleased with the quality and comfort of these Shure 215'sI often travel on noisy airplanes, these are very effective in blocking out ambient noise, so you can enjoy your music.  The way these block out background noise is also great in my workplace, however if you need to be aware of what's going on around you, these may block out too much noise.These are comfortable, and appear to be reliable, time will tell how they hold up.  I have had them for several weeks, and I am very pleased so far.
I have been using the Shure earbuds for about 2 months now. I swear by them. They really have the best quality for their price. I was hesitant to purchase based on some of the other reviews and I have experienced some of the issues.If your sound is tinny, you need to find the appropriate sized ear buds. I have rather large canals and need to use the largest foam ones to create a perfect seal. Not only does this help block out sound, but it is also required to get the full sound effect. When I tried to use the smaller silicone earbuds, They sounded tinny and had extremely low volume.My cables have been working like a champ without any issue and they are my daily use earbuds.
Great bass and sound details and superior fit/feel and sound isolation.The ability to remove the buds from the cable is a nifty feature is case of damage but the wire feels pretty robust so I doubt that'll happen during everyday use.In short, these earbuds are easily the best headphones I ever bought. I'm happy with this purchase.
I had a pair Of E2C's that were given to me as a demo from Shure years ago and I wore them to the point of the rubber around the cable coming off and the wire breaking inside the cord jacketing causing the sound to go in and out... Having a background in the audio business for many years and very particular about performance i was more then apprehensive about a new pair of IEM's living up to my standards. Im one of these guys who always says "They don't make them like they used to"  But Wow the SE215's are AWESOME.  I opened the zipper case and at first glance I immediately noticed Shure has fixed the part of the cord that touches the top of my ear by using a small piece of flexible tubing around the cord and a piece of metal or like substance to hold the form of the top of the ear. Shure also made the ear bud swivel and detach so the cables can be replaced if at some point I manage to wear these out as well.  Next on to the Listening, I have to say the sound out of the box was thin and lackluster. Not what you would expect from Shure. After reading some helpful reviews about IEM's having a break in period I decided to give it a shot and run them over night on my Ipod at medium volume. To my surprise the next morning the sound had completely changed. Wow what a difference. Shure didn't let me down after all. These sound better then the old E2C's. Bottom line for only 99$ buy you a set of SE215's,  give them a little break in over night and then experience what your music is supposed to sound like.  Thanks Shure I am a customer for Life !!!!
These are my third pair of Shure earphones. All three have broken within 6 months. I though that spending a little more on the SE215 would lead to improved durability, but they crapped out even more quickly than the SE115. DO NOT BUY SURE PRODUCTS.
I've purchased dozens of earphones and earbuds for under $100 over the years.  (I reserve the big bucks for speakers and electronics.)  Starting with Koss and Superex headphones, I've ended up happy with Grado's.  But up until recently it's been harder to find earbuds that are wearable, great-sounding, AND that I could afford to lose at the gym or on vacation.  So my wife and I have been using some version of Sony's MDR-EX series for years now, and been satisfied with them.  But with quality earbuds finally catching on, there are a lot more brands and models to choose from.  So with the destruction of my last set of earbuds and the arrival of the value-priced Shure SE215, it was time to give Shure a try.Thankfully, there were no nasty surprises.  In fact, I think the reviews are pretty accurate overall.  Thankfully I've had no problem with intermittent connections at the earpiece as reported by a couple of reviewers.The SE215 earbuds are quality made, and appear quite rugged.  Hopefully they'll last for many years, at least as long as the much cheaper Sony's have.  The selection of rubber and foam earpiece "sleeves" provide a good range of fit to choose from.  I expected to prefer the foam, which does fit easily and snugly, with excellent sound isolation.  But perhaps a little too snugly for me, resulting in long term fit-fatigue.  I'm trying out the standard rubber sleeves now; so far so good.The way these fit over and in the ears is unusual, but very effective.  They retain their place AND seal even when moving around or exercising. They take 2-3 times longer to insert in your ears than standard earbuds, so don't purchase these if you have to remove your earbuds often for any reason. Since the cable goes over the ear, cable noise is very low, but not completely gone.Sound quality is very important to me.  I want the best of both worlds; realistic, natural sound AND knock-my-socks-off "great-sounding" performance. Usually you can't have both in one product, especially transducers. What the SE215's provide is more of the former; a mostly flat response with no people-pleasing-peaks. As a result, your emotional and/or intellectual involvement will be wholly dependent on the music and production values.  This is as it should be anyway.As mentioned by other reviewers, there is no lack of bass. It is quite solid, with plenty of kick when called for, but without bloat. I wouldn't recommend them as "bass-lover" models; they just aren't bass-shy. Male vocals can be a little warm, but not unpleasantly so.  Mid-range is natural and clear, just like I want it.Due to a slight hearing loss I am not a great judge of high-frequencies. But to me these sound a little rolled-off in the region I CAN hear. This was easily corrected by a slight amount of EQ above 6KHz. (It may also be that I've become accustomed to earbuds with too much high end!)I am especially gratified to know that an American company like Shure has survived from 1925 well into the digital age. Shure is still making fine products at reasonable prices. There is just no way to avoid those analog transducers, right?
Let me start off by stating that I do not consider my self an audiophile. I just have a particular sound signature that I like. I like some bass (leaning toward accurate, not overly enhanced) with nice full warm mids and non-sibilant highs.. I HATE sibilance.. I can now say that the SE215-K Fit the bill perfectly for me.  This was initially a rocky road for me. I found these to be extraordinarily uncomfortable for me and none of the supplied sleeves would seal properly for me. I tried the Comply brand sleeves and still no joy. Swallowing and side to side movements would break seal compromising sound. Next I tried the tri-flanged sleeves from Shure. Dear God I thought I was driving a 2 penny nail into my skull. The sound improved dramatically for the five minutes I could tolerate them. With the knowledge that I would never use these sleeves unless I felt a had to do a penance for some horrible wrong I had done, I went ahead and cut off the the first (smallest) flange with an Xacto knife, then braced myself and proceeded to jam these things into my ear. To my surprise all discomfort was gone, the seal was solid regardless of my heads position or what my jaw was doing. The next couple of days entailed me getting used to the idea that these where firmly in place and where not going to fall out. I found myself constantly checking the fit. The third day I could finally concentrate on the sound. I was quite impressed. I could make out different instruments in my Dave Matthews tunes that I could never distinguish before and Florence's ( of Florence + the Machine )voice was so warm and powerful and distinguished I was simply floored. One month of nightly listening and the sound has improved in regards to being able to distinguish instruments and the like. I actually fall asleep and lay on my side with these on every night. So far none of that dreaded noise cut off others experience from the wire connector. I find its much more stable to tighten the wires under the chin rather than behind the head.  Had my initial journey in getting a proper fitting sleeve for these things not have been so arduous I may have given it 5 stars. I'm very happy I didn't give up on them and return them. I'm so pleased I may upgrade to one of there higher end models when these wear out. (If I can get passed the significantly higher price tag) Would I recommend these to my friends?  Yes, with a caveat on finding the right fitting sleeves, Since I have all these extra lying about I would let them try before they buy.Have a Great One!!Erik
the SE215 is a slight improvement to the already fantastic previous generation of the same earphones. I had the last pair for four years until my cat chewed it up.These earphones are durable, and sound amazing.They satisfy all my classical music needs.Buy them!
Let me start off saying that for price on Amazon, the Klipsch headphones are a great buy. I have owned them for about 6 months before they started shorting out. Im not sure if it was the headphones themselves but I tend to run through earbuds rather quickly. That let start the direct comparison.Comfort:I would have to give a slight edge to the Klipsch headphones over the Shures here. The Klipsch soft ear sleeves just slide in but there is a pro and con to everything. The Shure's use a foam tip that expands in your ear. It creates a much better seal and therefore has better noise-isolation then the S4's. My ear sometimes feels a little discomfort after wearing them for a while but i may just need to switch the smaller sleeves they provide.Secure Fit:The SE215 has the clear advantage hear. The headphones are tricky to learn to get in but once you do the very nature of how the sit in the ear makes them much more secure. The headphone cord comes forward then loops over and behind the ear. Tugging on the cord rarely budges these things. Meanwhile, I have had problems with the S4's coming out, especially if I'm working out.Ease of use:The S4's have the edge here. You simply push them in. The SE215's require to roll the foam tips before you put them in to get the best seal and to loop the cord over your ear. that can be annoying if they fall out while running. That said they much less likely to fall out. The S4's have alternate of putting them in that involves looping the cord as well but i found it to be uncomfortable.Noise-isolation:Advantage goes the SE215s for the reasons mentioned before, the foam tips.Construction:Both seem well constructed. The SE215 feels more substantial and the cord is much thicker. It seems less prone to tangling.Performance:As i wrote this I listened to the same song once with each pair with the same EQ and volume settings. The SE215 were louder and sounded cleaner for the same songs and settings. The bass was deep and the highs were clear. The S4's are no slouch either. They outperform most other sub-$100 earbuds out there.Bottom line:Both are a great set of the headphones. The SE215's are $100 and the S4's are $60. Do the Shure's justify the extra $40? yes. but its all personal preference. The S4's are a steal for $60. That said I really appreciate the superior performance, fit, and noise-isolation.
I expected to love these IEM's based on all the rave reviews out there and my previous experience with Shure phono cartridges and microphones.  Unfortunately, I found them quite uncomfortable, and their housings had a tendency to fall out of my ears.  None of the supplied tips seemed to seal well with my ear canals, resulting in weak bass response.  The black-colored foam tips are extremely soft, and they take a long time to expand again once compressed.  The rubbery tips are more manageable but did not seal well.  This fact combined with the stiff cords looped over the back of my ears caused these IEM's to fall out regularly.  Plus, they take several seconds longer to get situated in your ears compared to normal (i.e. non-IEM style) earbuds.  IMO, the Monster Turbines and NuForce NE-700X earphones are superior sounding for less money and provide superior comfort than Shure's SE-215, which I have returned.
i have always loved Shure headphones. However this latest purchase i am still not sure about. I love the sound but i am not to excited about the fit of the headphones. i am still trying to get used to the cord going up around the ear.  It might just take a little time.
I'm on my third pair of Shure earphones -- the latest iteration of the offering priced between $100 and $200.  (They change model numbers more often than my son changes his socks.)  Bought pairs 2 and 3 through, but not from, Amazon.  Shure as s---, they seem to crap out around two years, the length of the warranty period.  They sound good, though, and they stay in the ear when exercising.
Excelentes headphones, usarlos es absolutamente adictivo porque (en la medida que la fuente de sonido sea de buena calidad) se escucha TODO lo que hay para escuchar.Son bastante aislantes del ruido exterior, al punto de generar cierta desconección de lo que pasa afuera.Definitivamente los mejores headphones que he tenido.
I am a drummer, I have used SEVERAL "In Ear" and "Over Ear" headphones...For the money these are by far the best that I have purchased.
Bought to replace a pair of the Beats Tour earbuds that had to be replaced under warranty TWICE before I owned them 6 months.  Please, don't let my lack of judgement then affect my credibility for this review.  I have erred.  To err is human...these Shure SE-215 earphones, however, are divine.Construction: The wiring is a little heavier-duty than I expected, with robust connections at the joints.  Would imagine that it'd take quite a bit of roughhousing/abuse to cause a failure - I expect no problems here. The actual driver construction seems strong enough - I can see the glue joints on the plastic enclosure, but I cannot feel any seam.Materials: Again, the wiring seems rather robust, although I'd have preferred a slightly less tacky insulating material used as they tend drag a little bit.  The driver enclosures seem to be built of a pretty robust plastic.  I opted for the clear ones, which don't necessarily look rock-solid, but I imagine its just a case of being able to see the little bits and pieces that makes them seem less than they are.Sound: Everything sounds crisp - I listen to just about everything through them (crappy brostep through Wu-Tang Clan through Dave Matthews), and the quality of the reproduction is more than great.  There seems to be no over-emphasis on specific tonal ranges (unlike my prior Beats), and there seems to be ample range across the entire...the lows hit low, the highs hit high, and everything just sounds smooth.  Kinda sucks, but I'm gonna have to get rid of some of my 128 kbit/s files - I can noticeably hear the squishy cymbals and muffled bass now.  They also tend to isolate external noise very well too, especially with the foam ear sleeves.Fit: Comes with a variety of different ear sleeves and sizes...I'm a big fan of the "memory foam" type.  The over-ear part contains a piece of paper clip type wire that is bent to adjust the fit and feel; I have mixed feelings toward this because its simply too pliable - it seems that every time I take them off and put them back on, I have to re-adjust the fit to keep them right.  Unfortunately, that's gonna be responsible for 4-stars instead of 5.  I would love to see a more robust metal wire that doesn't bend and flex so easily.  Even better, I'd love to see a hardened sleeve material over the ears that can be heated with a hairdryer to shape and retain rigidity when cooled.  Wishful thinking...whatevs.Features: I'm a huge fan of the attachment point between the wiring and the driver - I've owned too many earphones/earbuds over time that I've had to replace because the connection between the two was broken.  If such a tragedy occurs here, you're telling me that I can simply buy a new wire and plug it into the driver and have it work?!  Sold.Overall: I love them.  They sound great, the feel great, they fit great.  They fit comfortably and snugly under my motorcycle helmet, and I can actually hear my music too.  All in all, I STRONGLY recommend these.
Simply to explain; Perfect.amazing bass and sound details,its name is correct; realty a live sound monitor.It will satisfy all your expectation from a headphone below 200 bugs.good sound isolationvery good material quality and details.but I suggested you to listen music with it when you are not jogging/running.
I wanted to love these earphones/monitors because the sound is AMAZING.  Great bass, clear sound, and excellent isolation. However, I think they may have been made for the slightly larger (male?) ear.  The foam tips, themselves, are comfortable when you find a good combination, but because these earphones require being wedged into the concha of the ear to stay in, it feels like the tips of the earbuds are being pushed too far into the ear canal, which is slightly painful.  Tried them with different sizes of tips, but they were uncomfortable every time.  If your ears are slightly larger, though, you should have no problem.  I'm going back to my trusty Shure SE-115s, which seem to be a bit friendlier for the smaller ear.
I recently replaced my E3 in ears with these because i lost my E3s. they are single driver instead of dual driver. but other then that the comfort is the same and they sound grab. since they are single driver i would only Recommend these for singers or personal use. they just won't give you what you need if your using them for Guitar bass keys or drums. well they will but will surely distort.all and all i knew what i was getting and i am happy with this product.ow small side note. They added a clip to the case which i am a big fan of (if my E3s had that i wouldn't have lost them)
These earbuds were exactly what I was looking for. Good, comfortable, sound suppressing earbuds at a reasonable price. Sound quality is great! I used these on an airplane and watched a movie. Sound was crystal clear and blocked out unwanted noise.
These are very comfortable ear buds that have a great sound when they are put on correctly. Thus the rub, putting them in the ear correctly is not an easy task and takes some manipulation. Once on, they have good bass and mid range response and are particularly effective with symphonic and instrumental music. Their sound is a 5 star and their ease of use is a 1 star. However, I have found this positioning in the ear a problem with all ear buds.
I would give these a 5 star but I found the highs/treble to be a touch too crackly/tinny for my taste with a flat EQ. Again, this is my taste. Others find the highs to be just fine. The treble reducer  EQ preset on my iPod resolves this issue. Mids and bass are very present and are produced very clean and clear. Bass is not muddy or overpowering, although it can be overpowering without being muddy via an EQ tweak if so desired (bass heads will not be disappointed).  A friend of mine has these and insists the highs sound better with the treble booster iPod EQ preset. I couldn't disagree more. We both agree the sound they produce is fantastic and fun.  He has the black translucent set. I opted for the clear ones over black due to some reviews on head-fi suggesting the cable being slightly more stout. Also, they look interesting. Being able to see the single dynamic driver through the case is nice. But bottom line, the color choice was not terribly important to me.My primary use for these is while working out - cardio and weight training.  In the 1&1/2  weeks I have been using them I can say they handle my abuse at the gym very well. I generally am rough with my gym equipment, earphones included. Although I take very good care of my things, I do not baby them.  They did not fall out of my ears in any of  my exercises regardless of me being sweaty. They remained sealed in my ear canal very well at all times. I found that maintaining a good seal in the ear canal is key to achieving the best sound reproduction as well as sound isolation. Experiment with the 2 different types of tips(foam and silicone) in 3 different sizes(S,M,L) that are included. The foam tips are similar to the industrial style ones used in noisy environments such as job sites, power plants, fabrication shops and shooting ranges for actual hearing protection.I used the large foam tips that are included for best sound isolation. Although, medium foams fit ok too. I consider them my spare set. I did not try the silicone tips or 'olives' yet. I did not find the cord to be too long. I keep my iPod in my front pocket and the cord is a good length for me. The 3.5mm jack on these is on the larger side but did fit in my iPhone with Otterbox Defender case. In general i found the kevlar cord to be very well made and sturdy. Also, if the cord is damaged it alone can be replaced by un-snapping it from both canal-phones. The 'memory wire' that is used to keep the wire molded behind your ear can be a bit tricky to manipulate at first. Placing them into your ears can prove equally as tricky. However, with a little practice you will get used to it.  Once they are in they fit my ears as if they were custom molded. I found the build quality on the canal-phones to be equally sturdy and well made. I suggest going to Shure's website [...]  for details.I would recommend to anybody. Especially with a strict spending limit of $100 as I had. They offer great bang-for-your-buck sound, fit, build quality, looks and 2 year warranty with customer service ratings to back it. In this price range I don't think one could do any better.
I bought this item from Guitar center and decided to take the risk of buying it because the sales person said it's not returnable. It was $99 and I like the thought of it being sound isolation. Got home and tried to put this together and it was complicated and does not stay in the ear!! On top of that, the sound quality is SO BAD!! I ordered an $8 earphone from Amazon months ago (forgot the name brand) and it sounds WAY better than this $99 product! I so regret buying this item and I can't return it or even exchange it. So not satisfied. I originally bought a different SHURE earphones and didn't like it because the sound quality was really bad. So, i exchanged it for this piece. Worst shopping ever for me. NEVER AGAIN WILL I EVER BUY ANY PRODUCTS BY SHURE!!!!!!! BE WARE!
I am amazed at the detailed sound production of these earphones. I have previously owned Shure Se110 and Shure Se115, and these are completely on a new level. I hear more detail, more treble and a better sound stage. The bass is also very tight. I found that using the foam sleeves it was difficult to get a perfect seal, and so the bass was lacking. But after changing to the silicone sleeve solved the problem and it blocked more outside noise and I was able to feel more bass. Detachable cables are a plus, and Shure's 2 year warranty is one of the best in the business. I have previously returned my Se110 for distortion problems and Shure send me new pair without any questions asked. I totally stand behind this company and love their earphones. I hear instruments that i never knew were present before. These earphones are a great bang for your buck. For $100 you are getting a great product, 2 year warranty, detachable cables and one of the best build quality that I have seen.
If you've been using the E2C's and looking for a replacement, this is not it!Don't get me wrong, these earphones are built with exceptional physical quality and the cord seems pretty robust. Sound is another issue entirely! I'm aware there is only one driver but the sound quality is absolutely terrible. Huge amount of muddy bass and frizzled clarity as I tested these phones from everything to Bjork / George Winston / Clara Ponty / Bon Iver / Feist / Fleet Foxes / Memphis May Fire / White Chapel / Between the Buried and Me / Beloved / Thelonious Monk / BB King. They sound much better as the phones are turned up louder but I shouldn't have to make that compromise to have a minimal par sound from a pair of $90 headphones.I really wanted to love these but unfortunately Shure didn't do these phones justice on the sound level. Looks like I'll be switching to Etymotic for now.
I was using the original iPhone earphones for over 5 years. I decided to purchase this earphone based on many internet reviews and I'm very glad i did it. The sound quality is superb compared to my last earphone and the noise isolating is fantastic. Im using it right now, wile I'm studying and my neighbors are not disturbing me anymore. It is good to listen classic music, Hip-Hop, electronic, rock'n roll, reggae, etc.One of my main goals was to turn down my music volume, specially wile I'm at the gym (they put the environment sound to loud) cause i don't want to be deaf. Mission accomplished!! Its working perfectly. I can run or workout and set the volume beneath 20% (using my iPod nano 6th generation). It is not coming out wile I'm running and the sweating is not a problem anymore.The only con is the comfort of wearing it. Despite being way better than the iPhone earphones still a earphone so it take a wile till you get used to it.Conclusion: The internet reviews are right. This is the best earphones available under U$ 100.
Just got these a few days ago. I bought them to wear at work to block out some noise from computer equipment. It is a tedious task to figure out how to put these in your ear if you have never used this type of listening device before. Once I got them in they were pretty good. Blocked out a decent amount of noise but very hard to take out to answer the phone and then put back in quickly. I actually have to tug on my ear quite a bit and push them in to get these to fit in my ear canal.I could see myself using these on a 14 hour plane ride with no problem or a very long walk. Otherwise I would probably just grab a pair of ear buds and be on my way. The foam tips that come with it were okay. It took forever for them to go back to their regular shape after being smushed and one was completely irregular to begin with so I couldn't use that one. I might try them again when I have the patience to wait around for them to expand and fit in my ear canal. It is nice that they offer the different sizes.I do love the fact that the cords are heavy duty and that the ear pieces swivel so the cord doesn't get tangled up.
these are my first pair of "good" earbuds. before purchasing these I had always just bought skullcandy or similar earbuds. After 3 pairs of those had broken within 6 months of purchasing I decided to man up and buy some nice earbuds. These have fantastic sound quality, you can feel the bass, and all the way up the spectrum they sound fantastic. The one issue I have found with them is the noise isolation. My gripe may be good to some people though. I feel like at times the isolation is too extreme. As an example of the extremes of the isolation I was once sitting in my room listening to music on these and someone knocked on the door and called my name and I heard nothing. This can be great for when I'm riding the bus and I want some peace, but it can be a bit too much at times. But for the price you can't go wrong with these. If you want earbuds in this price range with equal sound quality that don't have the insane isolation that these have you should try the klipsch image s4.
I have been using my new Shure SE 215-k for several weeks now and I like them better than the first pair that I got 4 years ago (they finally broke). The fit is far superior, more secure than before. The cable is a little stiff compared to the previous set, but it should make them last longer.
These things are great. They sound good, are cost effective, and I have no complaints. I use them for my in ear monitors with my band and am totally happy.
I had a previous model and was throughly satisfied, it was advertised to reduce ambient nosie by 15 db. This model is rated at 35 db which I doubt; however, I just think that the selection of earpads they sent aren't compatible with my ears canal.  I'm going to call Shure and ask them about my concern, I'm sure they will send an assortment of ear 'plugs' that will block about more noise and permit the unit to stay in my ears.I did meet with CS and they showed me how to properly insert the plugs. This new model is just great. They agreed that the instructions on how to insert the plugs needs to be updated.
Update to the review.  I have been using these headphones now for a few more weeks.  The more i use them, the more i appreciate them.  The sound is clean.  It is critical to get the right fit using the various sizes of buds.  I used the rubber ones, not the foam ones for a dramatic difference in performance.  I want to reiterate how well these are made. They seem to be very high quality and the cord engineering is supreme.  There are so many ear buds where the cord breaks in one fashion or the other and you have to throw them out.  This actually has a replaceable cord.  However, the cord itself is a heavier gauge which gives it a very solid feel and it does not tangle easily like thinner cords.  The jack is heavier duty also than most ear buds i have seen.  The sounds seems quite detailed and not bass heavy.  The efficiency and volume are fine now that i got the right fit.  I have not heard the higher end Shure's to know if there is an appreciable difference in the sound, but these sound quite good compared to some Bose ear-buds i have and Dre Beats which i think are too bass heavy.I have been using the buds for a couple of weeks now.  I have Bose ones and some cheaper Dr Beats I got with HTC phone.  At first I was quite disappointed with these phones.  The low end was largely missing and when plugged into my laptop volume was poor.  Then I started playing around with the different buds in the kit.  This made a huge difference.  I ended up using the rubber med ones. It dramatically changed the sound from the foam ones.  These buds provide good detailed sound.  The bass end is decent but not heavy if you like that.  The Beats provide a much better low-end but are not as nuanced and detailed as these in my view.  I think these provide a bit better sound than the Bose and are more isolating.  So all in all these are good buds.  My only issue was whether it was worth the money to step up to the 315's or higher in their line.One more thing,  I was impressed with the connecting wires on these.  They are independent units.  They are of a heavier quality wire and seem to be higher quality than I have found on other buds.  If they should ever break,  you can probably just buy a new cable and not have to throw out the entire product which is what usually happens.  I think this is a great innovation.
I love these. I have had them for 3 weeks, the sound is just excellent. Great earbuds for the money (90 bucks)
The SE215 are great. Forward, reasonably lush mids, great bass with a little midbass hump but nothing like Westone 3; it's right in line with the subbass except when more impact is called for. Never drowns out the mids. Highs are unimpressive but also inoffensive, slightly rolled off, not very sparkly but fairly clear.Great buy at $100. Still my favorites after trying multiple higher end armature setups. I've been searching for something that delivers the same great balance of mids and bass and I have yet to find it.
After having them for just one week, the right earphone began to cut out. By the end of the week, it would cut out with any movement. I sent them in for Shure warranty service and got a new pair (the entire process took about two weeks). If you just want headphones that work and aren't a hassle, these aren't for you. Reading other reviews, it looks pretty likely (about 1 in 6) that these will start cutting out on you too.They are also a huge hassle to get on. It is hard to tell left from right (they're not labeled - you just have to remember that red is right and blue is left) and then you have to wrap the precious wires around your ears. This process means a lot of movement for the connector site of the earphone to the cable. It's no wonder they begin to malfunction so quickly.The sound quality is nothing special. Except for a stronger bass, they are indistinguishable from my cheap $15 SkullCandy headphones which are easy to wear, comfortable and have never cut out on me.
Don't waste your money on this product.  I have used Shure earbuds for a few years and absolutely love them.  Except for this pair for two reasons.First - the earabuds are very difficult to adjust to the ear canal.  It took a great deal of twisting and turning each bud for each ear.  It never felt secure in the canal or the ear itself.  The fit is extremely poor.Second - the quality of sound was awful, very tinny, male voices nearly sounded like females.  I have many movies on my iPod and couldn't get the sound to be anything like the sound tracks.This Shure product is a great disappointment.  It is going in my drawer to never be seen again.
overpriced, really can't understand how I paid over 100$ for such annoying in-ear headphone, hifiman re262 is way better.the only thing that shure can beat hifiman over is the cables, shure cable is better.
No bass.  Tinny sound.  But good ambient noise reduction possible using one of many sizes and types of tips included.
Here's the deal: shure earphones short out where the cable connects to the speaker piece.  4th pair of shures and absolutely my last (2 others have done the same thing). Thought new detachable cable design would make a difference. It doesn't.  Too bad because sound quality is great for the price.  No longer will I exercise my insanity with this brand.  I've used these new se215s 4 times and the left earphone is already cutting out. Same story. I buy earphones to USE them, not to screw with filling out repair reports and shipping services.  I GUARANTEE  that if you buy these one or both sides WILL short out.  Consider yourself warned and avoid these unless you like buying things that don't work. Don't make the same mistake that I did.
I knew with the Shure name on this product that I wouldn't be disappointed.  This was a Christmas gift for my 15 year old. It was the only thing he asked for - "a good pair of earphones".  He loves them.  The best part is the spinning ear pieces that engage as you move your head or lean forward so they don't fall out.  The sound quality is far superior than any other earphone he's owned.  Packaging and accessories are also exceptional quality.  He's going to take very good care of these and I suspect will own them for a long time!
This is about my third pair of specialized earphones, and these are the best.  I have a small head and the around-the-head style earphones are just too bulky to be comfortable for me.  I initially had trouble fitting them around my ear properly, but once I got them on right they fit perfectly.  They are the most comfortable earphones I've owned.  They also block out most outside noise.  And, the sound quality is great.
Today I heard my music for the first time. Apparently, I've tolerated bad headphones for far too long. I listened to Knifes "Silent Shout" on the train ride home tonight and I wanted to hand the phones to other passengers and say "you've got to hear this!" I'm a Shure evangelist from this point forward.
I have bought three or four sets of headphones in this series (they do wear out, or I break or lose them) and have always been satisfied.  The phones on the new model - SE215 - are very comfortable and easy to insert and remove.  The new feature of having the plug-in cords is helpful and smart; if the cord or earphone should break, you can replace just that part. That said, the whole set is fairly rugged. Sound isolation is superb.  The sound has good balance with neither highs nor lows predominating (I do have a high-frequency hearing losss so I might be off here). For the price point, it's hard to imagine a better buy.
I did some research before buying the Shure SE215, reading reviews of various earbud products on Amazon and on blog sites devoted to reviewing products like these.  Although I had heard of Shure products before (microphones, specifically), I had not heard of Shure earbuds prior to my research.  Based upon that research, I bought the SE215.This is a great product.  I am not an 'audio-phile' but the sound is spectacular, perhaps even as good as my Bose Q15 ANR headphones.  Some reviews spoke about difficulty bending them around the ears.  Either these folks were paid by another company to write something bad or they are just too inept to use any product - please keep knives away from these folks!  I had them out of the box and in my ears within minutes and I have never had a problem with them.Other folks claimed, likely also disingenuously, that they would not stay in their ears.  Before the Shure SE215, I never had earbuds that stayed in my ears.  They all fell out, including the Bose earbuds.  (Nothing against Bose, they make great products, but their earbuds did not stay in my ears.)  The Shure SE215's stick like glue.  They have never fallen out.  In fact, they fit so securely, that when walking, the vibrations from ones feet can be heard.  Some might consider this a problem, but it will be the same with every set of earbuds that fit securely.Great product - I highly recommend them.
I'm a drummer and I only use it for playing live. The sound is perfect and brilliant, the isolation is also awesome, but it could be a little more comfortable. During a 1h20m show I can't take it off for a single minute, and my ear starts to hurt a little after some time.
I really dislike earphones that you have to shove into your ear, but for the portability and sound isolation, these are pretty amazing.  I blasted my home stereo and then put these on and played a song from my iphone at 45% volume.  I wouldn't have known my home stereo was still on if not for the desk shaking.  I'm looking forward to using these on an upcoming flight.
I have been a Shure fan since I bought the SE-210K's that I have used for the last five years.  I'm not sure why, but I never had the problems others did with cords fraying and such.  I did have problems with corrosion on the metal jacks from my sweat.  Also, over time I noticed that I was losing some sound in the left earphone, so I finally decided to upgrade.The sound that poured from these earphones (the SE-215's) into my ears is AMAZING.  I was accustomed to the SE-210 sound and didn't expect too much of a change, just some improvement back to "baseline".  The music is crisp and clear with great range.  I run with these and I had to reset the volume limit on my iPod nano to keep from damaging my hearing.  The fit is a bit strange at first...with the SE-210's, I was accustomed to jamming the set into my ear canal as far as possible.  The design of these is such that that's impossible, and I was at first concerned that I wasn't going to get a good seal.  No problem with that at all, and they stay in place just as expected when doing the hour-long run.  They have improved the slider that controls how much play you have with each individual wire to the ear so that it stays in place better than the prior model.I spent a while debating whether to go with the SE-215's and the next higher model (315's?), but the cost kept me in the 215 range.  I have NO regrets whatsoever, at this point, and am totally content with having saved $100 AND getting GREAT sound.
I love these ear buds!!!!!  I thought that these buds compared to the last pair of Sennheiser buds that I had purchased and were more comfortable.  More comfortable, but had a very crisp high ends.  This was great, but to me the bass was a bit compromised at times.  If you run an EQ this becomes a moot point and most audio sources have a downloadable EQ.  After I bought these last year I sprung for some really upscale buds, i.e., the Sennheiser IE80's.  I think that at this point that I've reached perfection to my ears........
I have never been a fan of running with headphones for two reasons: They always fall out of my ears, and running on the streets without full use of hearing seems dangerous. I am always on the look out for headphones that will stay in my ears while running for use on the treadmill or on trails.I came across this article recommending the Shure SE215 for great sound quality and security in ear. I have always used cheap earphones that you can buy at the gym or Target so I was not familiar with the more high end products like Shure, Etymotic and Klipsch. My friend Lauren owns an audio supply company and gave me some Shure SE215 earphones to try out.Immediately out of the box you can see and appreciate the quality of these earphones. They have 3 basic parts. 1. Ear foam acts like an earplug and blocks out almost all noise. 2. The driver produces the sound3. The cord that attaches the driver to your music of choice.After a 5 mile run the earphones are solidly in place. I never had to adjust them at all. I have found that the key to success with these ear phones is the fit of the earplug part. They come with 6 different sizes to fit any ear canal, so fitting should not be a problem for most people.3 sizes foam and 3 sizes rubber and 1 tool for cleaning out the driver canal.The noise isolation is really great with these earphones as well. I have used a pair of Beats Studio headphones and these earphones block an equal amount of ambient noise for 1/3 the price. The SE215 would be great to use on an airplane or anywhere you don't want people to bother you.With the good sound isolation comes one drawback. They act like earplugs, so you can hear everything in your head. It is impossible to use these earphones while eating, the sound of your own chewing is immense. While running there is also a constant boom boom boom with every footfall, this may be distracting for some, it was easy for me to ignore.Overall these are some really great earphones and I would recommend them to anyone who wants great sound and good sound isolation. Buy them here:[...]See the photos here:[...]
The SHURE 215 headphone set is my second set of noise-cancelling headphones from SHURE. My first set was the SHURE 425 EAC model. I was expecting the same headphone, but they are not. The SE 215 design is set to twist into your ear. This is not too much of a problem, but it does irritate me. The sound is good, and you get very good customer service. As long as you have access to your invoice for the headphones, you are pretty much guaranteed a strong warranty. I accidently broke an earpiece last month. I called SHURE, and was told to send it in with a printed invoice. Since I had purchased the SE215 from Amazon.com, it was easy to print a copy. The piece was replaced quite quickly and without any hassle. I have not had the headphones long enough to give a strong write up on the SE215, but I have no problem providing good comments on the SHURE company itself. Also, the 425 EACs were awesome. I just wish I could have purchased another set of those headphones. I had used them for 7 years while riding my Harley Wide Glide and could hear my music very cleanly and without hearing my exhaust note. I do not have the same statement for the SE 215s. When I wear my full-face helmet, I can hear the music cleanly, but then my ears get irritated from the headphones rubbing against the helmet intermittently.Overall, I currently say that if you wish to wear the headphones while riding your Harley, you will be fine; but you will not have 100% noise reduction. If you wear a 3/4 or full-face helmet, you will hear the music cleanly, but might experience ear irritation. For most other purposes, you should be fine with the headphones. As for customer service, provided you have your invoice, the company is VERY ACCOMODATING.I have now had the earphones for a few months and have gotten used to wearing them. Trust me, it does take a while to get used to wearing them properly. When worn properly, the headphones DO cut out the exhaust note of my Harley. And, the music sounds clear and interference-free. SO, for those of you who wish to purchase these headphones, know you are gettng quality headphones and quality customer service with your purchase.I have now had the headphones for a full riding season and I am very happy with them.
if you are looking for reasonable price and good performance, this is it! i was looking for an isolation earphone when i travel on the tube. it works great, i cannot hear the massive noise now! love it!
I have had Shure 5 series, 3 series, and now these 215's.  For me the difference in price and the total range quality of these 215's is near equal.  I am not an audiophile but I know what sounds best to me.  The 215's at the price of around $100 are by far the best value for the money.  And the carabiner snap carrying case will hopefully prevent me from leaving these on airplanes!!  Very expensive losses.
So, I upgraded to decent headphones a few years back. I found Shure and that's the brand I stick with. I use them all the time. I travel a lot and wear them constantly while on planes, I use them in the workshop in lieu of earplugs, and I wear them while mowing the lawn. They sound very nice, I can't proclaim how nice as I don't feel qualified to compare them with an audiophile's vocabulary but they are exponentially better than what you get with any device. I also upgraded them with the phone accessory and use them for phone calls all the time. Much better than a wireless bluetooth headset...don't run out of batteries either.That all being said, I have had issues in the past with the sheath over the wires cracking and splitting after a time. This new design, with the earphones being separate, seemed like a great idea. When the cords get mangled or fall apart, get new ones. So, the cord got mangled and I ordered a new one. Removing the earphones and putting them on the new cord, something broke in one of the earphones. Not sure what I did wrong but back to Shure for repair. They replaced it under warranty (they have great service) but still a bit of a hassle.They are great earphones and I recommend them. But, if you use them as heavily as I do, recognize they will not last forever and you will need to replace them on a periodic basic. This is the primary reason I have avoided any of their higher priced earphones. I would be really upset to have to replace a $400 pair every year (or less).
'Legendary Performance'. That's what it says on the box. Sounds like a typical product selling point. Sure, Shure, your products are legendary. I get it. You have a good marketing department. They'll probably be good. Maybe even marginally great.So, with that in mind, here's what happened:Unboxed headphones.Sifted through needless papers warning be about death and destruction from using headphones (I didn't read into it that far. Might not have said this).Slipped buds into earsTurned on tunes.*Mind blown*So, for comparison, I normally listen to a pair of open-air Sennheiser HD570s. They are good. I mean, really, truly, amazingly good headsets. But they are open air, and I wanted something for the office. These Shures are mind-blowingly good indeed. The bass is strong, but not over the top. The midrange and trebles are astounding. Instantly, I can hear detail in some tracks that I've never heard before with my Sennheisers.The sound is warm and open. The seal that the earbuds make is really amazing. Personally, I'm a huge fan of the foam that Shure uses on these headphones.For the price, these headphones have no right being this good.
Best pair of $100 IEMs out there.  A relatively neutral soundscape with punchy bass (not overwhelming though).  Highly recommended for the price range.
The Shure SE 215 earbuds are the best earbuds that i ever bought. I've owned many earbuds, literally, but none like these. I'm new to the "audiophile" world and have not been very experienced with really good headphones but on the price margin I can say that these are the best out there. These buds out perform more expensive earbuds of its price range, especially the Beats by dre, no disrespect or hate intended but these headphones blow it out of the park.
I have owned these for over a year and a half and the sound is fantastic, unequally by any other earbud in this price range that I've tried (and I've tried a few).  However, they do suffer a design flaw.  Basically they allow sweat to corrode the gold or otherwise break contact if one uses them in the gym for very long.  This WILL happen unless you just happen to not sweat at all, so I wanted to post how I fixed the problem.  To fix them, you need to clean and protect the contacts from additional corrosion (yes, Gold DOES develop oxidation under the salty acidic conditions of sweat).  Buy a tube of DeoxIT� Liquid contact cleaner and, if you would rather not have to keep cleaning it every year or two, DeoxIT� GOLD Liquid protector. They are sold here for under $10 each for 2ml tubes. Just pull the ear buds off the wires, squeeze or spray the cleaner on both the female socket and male push pin, let it sit for a minute or so, wipe it off, then squeeze or spray on the gold protector on both too, wiping the extra off. Finally snap them back together!  Viola!  If you used the gold protector, now they won't cut out ever again, but even if you just use the cleaner, they probably won't cut out for many months or even a year.
I've now owned 5 pairs of quality, sub-$100 ear buds and this is my favorite pair yet. I first bought a pair of Etymotic ER6i's which had a nice, clean sound although they were a bit thin on the bass. Thin wiring finally gave out on those and one of the ear buds quit working. I also had a pair of Klipsch Custom 2's, a dual driver IEM that had a rich, warm sound that I really liked. A trip through the washing machine damaged the cables which gave out completely soon after. Since then, I bought another pair of Etymotics (MC-5) and a pair of Klipsch S4's. I've been pretty happy with both of those, although both pairs have their weaknesses that have bothered me a bit and I kept thinking I could find something better around the same price point.After reading positive reviews of Shure's IEM's for years I finally decided to get a pair. I bought these SE215's and I can't praise them enough. First, the build quality on these is unbelievable. The cables are much thicker and heavier than any other pair of ear buds I've owned. Everything about the fit and finish on these feels solid and gives the impression they will stand up to some abuse. Like the Klipsch Custom 2's I owned, where the cables come out of the ear buds, they have a small section of memory wire that you loop over the top of your ear rather than just dangling down like most ear buds. This takes a bit of getting used to (mostly when putting them on), but works well once you get the hang of it.They sound great. The bass is deep and solid, but doesn't overwhelm the midtones and highs which are crisp and clean. Compared to my Etymotic MC5's the bottom end is much more robust and satisfying. And the mids and highs are cleaner than with my Klipsch S4s. I have a difficult time believing you'll find anything that sounds better without going into the $150-200 price range.I'm a runner, and I always take in to account how a pair of head phones will perform when running. The Etymotics and the Klipsch pair are both pretty solid for running with only a couple of issues. They both can produce a lot of cable noise which tends to cause you to increase the volume to drown it out. And they both have a tendency to start working their way loose in your ears as you begin to get sweaty. Both of these issues appear to be solved with these Shures. The heavy duty cables and the way you loop them over your ears solves the cable noise problem.The only complaint I've got is that I wasn't really happy with the included sleeves. I got a good seal with the silicone sleeves, but they have a small ridge going around them (from the molding process I assume) that irritates my ears when I put them in. And I had a difficult time getting a good seal with the memory foam sleeves. I suspect if I experiment with them a bit more I may like them, but they also seem pretty fiddley...something you can't just pop in and out. I ended up using a pair of dual-flange sleeves that came with my Klipsch Custom 2's. They fit on the ear buds easily and are easy to quickly get on and make a good seal.I've very happy with this purchase and would highly recommend them to anyone looking for quality, excellent sounding pair of IEM's for under $100.
These earbuds have very good sound quality, but my disappointment with them is the lack of iPhone compatibility. The optional phone cable accessory is way too expensive for a low quality wire. The phone cable isn't designed for "over the ear", doesn't have the cable ear reinforcement, and the button assembly looks clunky. The included cable has such a large mini jack connector that it doesn't fit with most phone cases such as the Apple bumper case. There's no excuse for this after 6 years of smartphones. Shure desperately needs to offer these earbuds with the option of a higher quality phone cable instead of the normal cable.
I have been on the search for high quality IEM's for a while now. I have tried: Skullcandy Titans and FMJ's, Monster Turbines, Sennheiser CX 880 and CX 400-II and now the Shure SE 215's. Monster definitely were the best up until these. My normal over ears are my Sennheiser HD 439's. They are not collapsable, so i needed some new buds to match the really great sounds my cans reproduce. Alrighty on to the review :~)Sound: The clarity of these IEM's are incredible. Each layer is vivid and distinct while perfectly complimenting each other. I like a more "warm" sound, thats why I use Sennheisers for over ears. These buds have that same feeling. Very warm without being muddied and sacrifices the Highs. Lows are well defined between mid and sub bass levels. Bass heads will love these buds. Sound signature overall is VERY similar to the Monster Turbines (which are lightyears ahead of the Beats line).Fit: This is where these IEM's outshine the turbines. Now it takes a little while getting used to the around the ear fit for IEM's (they were my first). You cannot feel them whatsoever once they are in your ears. They run flush in your ear so you can actually sleep in them without feeling pain in the side in my head. You really need to try out all the different tips to get the seal you need to have a great sound from this product. I personally use the large memory foam tips (I have big ears). Once all the above is met, these are by far the most comfortable IEM's I have ever used.Build: Solid build quality. By far the best feature of this set is detachable cables. IEM's are famous for cord strain failure. I believe its only $15 to replace the cables from Shure's website.Bottom Line: Get them. AT $100, i dare you to find a better set of IEM's
I have been searching and searching and searching for a headphone that will NOT fall out when I'm running and sweating.  I have had this headphone for about one year and a few months and they no longer stay in my ears.  When I first got them, they seemed to work at staying in, but now the wire that goes over the top of the ear is worn out and I'm constantly fidgeting with them to keep them in my ears even after changing the buds.  I cannot even use them for just sitting around.  Great sound if you are NOT using them for serious exercise where you will sweat a lot.  The cord is also heavy and awkward to put on.  Overall these are NOT worth the $100 price tag for an exercising headphone that you will have to dispose of in one year.  I am online now because I am AGAIN searching for new headphones that will STAY IN MY FREAKING EARS WHEN I RUN AND SWEAT!!  ANY SUGGESTIONS?
I can't believe it's only one driver inside you hear everything and it's not too much bass. I've had other ear buds bose, monster turbine, klipsch. All around the same price but these beat all of them easily.
I bought this headphones to use as In Ear Personal Monitoring System at the church.  I play drums and the noise canceling is great, the sound is flat (sometimes too flat for my taste but is not a bad thing) but has great preasure.  It takes some time to know how to fit them properly in your ears, but once you learn you understand why they are constructed that way. They realy worth every cent.  It's shure, no more words needed.
These headphones are fantastic!  Previous reviews are correct, it takes a bit to get the fit right, but there are plenty of ear bud options with the unit.  It also take a bit getting used to the way they insert, by wrapping around the ear, but once you get used to it, it's really nice and keeps them secure in the ear.  I am a bit of an audiophile and have a Linn british HiFi at home with great clarity, so I am usually very disappointed by in ear products.  I ride motorcycle on long trips, and so far these are fabulous.  With previous in ear units, I would have to have a significant volume to over come the wind noise in my helmet, but with these and the noise cancellation, I can really reduce the volume, and with the way they fit, they stay secure easily putting the helmet on and off.  Sturdy construction, nice long cord.  One of the best purchases I have made in a long time.  If you're looking for a quality in ear headphone under $100.00, look no further, GET THESE!
I'm using the smallest plug and it still seems too big.  This hanging over your ears is a joke.  Can't be done.  Wires are too long, so it's hard to get a good seal to block out other sounds.
I bought these earphones becauase of the great reviews but it actually sounds no better than the cheap Skullcandy's  Ink'd I bought for $15.  Comparing the two,  I hear just a slight difference in the detail of what I'm hearing than the Skullcandy's (which is in favor of the Shure's).  Volume wise it is about the same.  I bought a Cowon J3 which has 39 presets and BBE Effect which is supposed to make the music sound better. I know that Cowon players have amazing sound but are horrendous in other areas.  Put the setting on Maestro on the Cowon J3 and you will hear incredible sound just out of the Skullcandy's.  I used my Android phone with the Shure SE215's, which comparably sounds similar on my Cowon player, but the volume is lower and I heard very  little bass.  I also bought the Skullcandy Ink'd Mic'd (which is exactly as it says, it has a microphone) and it has excellent sound and bass. It also sounds even better in my phone than these Shure SE215's.  The only real problem with the Skullcandy Ink'd is they don't last more then 2 months and the sound goes. But the Skullcandy Ink'd Mic'd I've had for 5 months.  You can also get a voucher through their website to replace your earphones.  Overall, I'd say save your money, get a good media player or phone and stick with the cheap Skullcandy's.
I have spend the last 3 years looking for great sounding earphones, and have spend at least double the cost of these amazing earphones in that quest. I finally broke down after reading the wirecutter's review [...] and ordered a set. I have been extremely pleased with both the sound and build quality, they block out almost all of the external noise, and the highs sound great, and the lows are nicely balanced (no more stupid skullcandy too much bass issue for me)
You have to be a pure audiophile to not love them.3 best things1. Sound quality2. Build is sturdy with nice thick wires but not so thick they are unmanageable.3. Can replace damaged wires without having to buy a while new pair with detachable ear piece
I just got these and put them on with the medium foam ear pieces and they are amazing. All I can hear on my kit is my snare. They block tons of noise and sound AMAZING! I recommended these to everyone I know. Preston - drummer.
I owned the Shure E2 ear buds and the wire was completely worn out after 4 years of use, which is understandable. I purchased these to replace the E2 set and there is not much of a difference. The overall design is slightly better, the ear buds are smaller and thinner causing less inner ear discomfort. The old ear tips do not fit on the new ear buds, but the new ear tips are very similar except now you don't have to fool with the sticky guard that never stayed in place anyway. The swivel feature on the ear buds is nice but it's hard to automatically realize which bud is right and which is left. I always have to look for the R or the L instead of just looking at them and knowing which is which like with the E2. The sound is slightly better than the E2 ear buds but that could also just be that they are new. Overall they are a nice upgrade from the E2 ear buds so if you are in the market for a new set of Shure ear buds buy these, you won't be disappointed.
I've gone through my share of ear buds and Shure makes the most durable snug fitting buds I've found to date. I'm 6' tall and the cord length is perfect. A dropped player has its momentum broken just before hitting the ground, and unlike other headphone cables, the cord can take it. The replaceable cord is a great feature. Though a bit expensive for a cord, it beats having to replace the entire setup. I'm no expert, but sound quality is as good as anything else as far as I can tell. Wearing these buds makes me feel superior as I watch all the crappy-ass ear bud people around me. Don't be a loser. Pony up the few extra shekels to get a quality product.
If your looking for earphones that sound great and have nice bass, then these earphones are a great choice.  They are very comfortable but only if you put them in your ear properly.  At first they seem weird because they are different from other earphones that I have worn but after a few days I found out how to properly put them on my ear to fit very comfortably, and this position also gives you the best bass. I am very satisfied with these earphones.
Bought these about a month ago, and so far, I love it. The sound quality is really good, the bass hits the right spot, it's very well balanced.Only problem is that the left earphone SOMETIMES cuts off, so I hope this doesn't evolve to a complete cut off anytime soon.
Shure SE215 Sound Isolating Earphones (Clear)...Quality material and just as important, quality sound...worth every penny.  Shure SE215 Sound Isolating Earphones (Clear)
I used Seinheiser CX300 (around $70) for 3 years and then one channel stopped working I bought this entry level Shure.Sound is good for $100 earphones but it gives inconvenient feeling in the ear channel, over the ear cable wear makes the phones hard to install. (it is not really hard, bur require additional effort comparing to CX300 where installation was done in one single move with one hand)Wires are extremely non flexible and thick.The 3.5 jack is extremely thick and will not fit to iphone 4 bumper phones holeI use it for 2 weeks already and trying to get used to it, but still feel pain in the ear channel after long wear (i tried several soft and rubber cushions already).> UPDATEafter 2 years i love it - tried to replace - no chance for ie2 or westone1... and i'm changing its to 5 star.
Got these to replace E3's - with the refinement of the microdriver, it smokes it six ways from Sunday-combine that with replaceable cords and optional microphone/Apple compatible control cords it is simply the best bang-for-the buck headset out there.
Everything about this headphones is great. I got it on time and really liked the quality of the product. I've been using Shure for almost 5 years now and the SE215-K is the best one ever.
These Shure IE2s are awesome. I tried the Bose IE2 headphones prior to buying this pair. The Bose had lots of bass but seemed to be missing the high and mids. These Shure headphones have both the punchy bass of the IE2s and crisp, bright mids and highs. I had the Shure E2Cs and Bose TriPorts prior to these. The Shure IE2s are quite an upgrade.
After reading many reviews on various headphone, I selected these as a Christmas gift for my college age son.I have experience with Shure record cartridges from back in the day, and they always delivered great sound.These were delivered days ahead of the anticipated schedule and the box was packed well and the product was as ordered.My son began wearing the headphones the afternoon of Christmas and instantly made comment as to the sound quality compared to the ear buds he had been using with his I-Phone. After a week or so of him being back for the Christmas break, I asked if I could try out and hear how these shure headphones delivered music. He was happy to show me the way to put these in the ear and drape the cord over my ear. I experimented with various music from his I-Tunes and then played some music off Pandora on my own I-Phone. I found the sound very clear, clean and dynamic. The buds felt comfortable in my ears. They also did a tremendous job of blocking out any outside noise! When I go to replace my own headphones, these will be ones I purchase. Overall I am very pleased with the purchase and my son is VERY PLEASED with the gift. These are extremely well built, fit the ear like a professional studio ear bud, deliver great sound and are available at a price point that wont break the bank, but that also makes you aware to take care of them as they are a fine product.
I don't normally write reviews of products, but I have to say that these are the best headphones I have ever purchased. I don't know if my ears are just shaped differently, but every other pair of headphones I purchased would fall out while I was working out. I have never had an issues with these headphones falling out. I highly recommend watching the Shure video on how to properly wear them in the ear.  I also recommend wearing them so the wire goes behind your ears and down your back. That minimizes any noise from the cord rubbing on your clothes. Well worth the price I paid ($99.00).
After using typical skull candy and default apple brand headphones for all of my life, these things were a huge step up.  I am very please, the quality is amazing.  It is like listening to all of my favorite songs for the first time.  It muffles out other sounds extremely well, the fit is great, and the quality is perfect.  Users should know that these are bass heavy, so I wouldn't get them if you don't like the enhanced bass.  But who doesn't love enhanced bass?
I initially wanted to spend much more on some of the higher end buds from Monster, Sony or even Shure, but I settled on a budget of around $100 to replace a pair of Sonys that cost me about that much six years ago.  I decided on these after reading reviews.  The first thing I noticed was the more substantial, thick cord.  It seems like it will be less susceptible to breaking down and also tangling like the thin cord on the Sonys did.These earbuds come with a good amount of accessories for fitting and storage.  There is a baggie of different ear tips made of silicone and foam.  The medium sized foam tips that were already installed seemed to fit great right out of the box and I'm not sure that I will even bother trying anything else.  The foam tips seem to create a much better seal than the silicone tips on the Sonys I had...and they stay put.  Because of this, the bass response is quite good and the noise isolation is noticeable.  Additionally, they come with a zippered soft case.  The case is good quality and will be great for storage and travel as I frequently transport my headphones in my gym bag, to work and when travelling.I am no audiophile, but I wanted something that is above average in terms of quality and sound.  For $100 these were definitely worth it.  Time will tell how good the quality really is, but I have the feeling that these will last for quite a few years.
These are, quite simply, an outstanding pair of earbuds and a tremendous value.The key to getting great sound from them is inserting them correctly -- READ THE INSTRUCTIONS! You can easily insert them incorrectly; if you do, they WILL sound bad. I think that many (most?) of the negative reviews must have been written by buyers who weren't using them correctly. The biggest difference between the SE215 and, say, the SE200 (which I previously owned) is the quality of the seal and sound isolation. The SE200 fits like a pair of earplugs (the kind you'd wear to sleep); the SE215 fits like a pair hearing aids, held securely in the ear canal AND in contour of your ears. With the cables looped over your ears, there is absolutely no reason why these should fall out.What really matters is sound quality and in this area, the Shure 215 shines. Bass is full without being overpowering, mids & highs are clear & crisp. I literally heard qualities in my music that I never heard before. I recommended them to a musician friend who was initially skeptical that they could be as good as I claimed. We rarely talk on the phone but he called me just to tell me how stoked he was about these earbuds.
This is my second pair of Shure earphones. The first lasted five years of heavy use before the cable failed. I purchased these largely because of the replaceable cable. The quality is outstanding....the cable is thick and supple, the cable connector fits tightly, and the selection and fit of the eartips is great (Shure eartips have always fit me better than any other brand). The sound is very good, with full bass, warm midrange, and clear treble. However, these do have a somewhat forward, slightly heavy sound, not quite the precise timing and spacious soundstage that some other quality earphones have (the Etymotic HF2's have a much more precise, although light on bass, sound). That said, I think that 99% of users (myself included) will prefer the warm, powerful sound of the Shure's. In the future I'll probably buy some higher end Shure's but for now these are great. My only real complaint is the cost of the iPhone cable sold separately (see my separate review). Please note that Shure earphones are designed for the cable to be passed behind the ear for a secure fit. something that some glasses wearers (again, myself included) can find a little awkward at times.
Don't waste your money on this product.  I have used Shure earbuds for a few years and absolutely love them.  Except for this pair for two reasons.First - the earabuds are very difficult to adjust to the ear canal.  It took a great deal of twisting and turning each bud for each ear.  It never felt secure in the canal or the ear itself.  The fit is extremely poor.Second - the quality of sound was awful, very tinny, male voices nearly sounded like females.  I have many movies on my iPod and couldn't get the sound to be anything like the sound tracks.This Shure product is a great disappointment.  It is going in my drawer to never be seen again.