quality for the dollar - JLAB makes a stylish, quality and cost effective product,
Not bad, but I suggest the J3 with the tangle-resistant cords.
Had for right around a year before it got a short. At the time were best I had very comfortable and quality sound. I just got the Sony extra bass for 40$ and it is a improvement but for double the price you might just want these.
The sound quality is excellent but they slip out of my ears regardless of which size buds I use.  Not a total deal breaker but I wouldn't buy this style again.  Shipping was fast.
Son loves them. He uses them all the time and sound is crystal clear
I've purchased 4 sets of these earbuds, mainly for use while riding the bus.  The noise-cancelling capability was fantastic, in that I was able to listen to (mainly) podcasts at a reasonable level, the sound was clear, and functioned as well as some earbuds I had paid > $99 for.  The only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars is that the cord, while a nice thickness, tends to "grab" anything you walk near (door knobs, chair arms, etc), due to the way the cord retains its loop shape when fully unwound.  Depending on how careful I am in tucking the cord under a coat or somewhere safe, I've been able to keep them functional up to over a year.  This last pair lasted about a month before one ear stopped working  :(.  I still think these are a great deal at $19, but if this next pair doesn't last longer than a month, I'll have to move on.
Stopped working after second day of using them. Now I understand why they went from so expensive to cheap. I was worried about that when I saw the image of the tip. It's a waste of money don't touch it.
I prefer something small in my ear that allows me to sleep on my side and not have something bulky that makes it uncomfortable to put my head on a pillow. I like that the plug is curved so that it does not get caught on things and in the way as much as a straight plug.
These seem to work ok, but I bought them to use with my Kindle HD Fire, and I can only hear sound out of one ear--that could be because there is only 1 speaker in the Kindle--I don't know.  But They work pretty well.
While I wasn't expecting outstanding earphones for the price. I was definitely expecting much better than what I got. The quality on these earphones is horrific. The sound is even worse. The stuff you buy at the dollar store sound better. Do yourself a favor and skip on this deal.
One of the earbuds did not work when we opened the package.  I have a replacement in route and UPS on the way to pick up the defective ones.  Hopefully the new ones will be  fine.  So far the experience has been fine (ease of return, no extra expense to me).  If they work and last more than a month this will get 5 stars.  I like the sound quality. (i bought 2 other colors and they are working fine) and they are comfortable. I'm not a big "music" person.  I mostly listen to audio books, so I can't give you all the technical ins and outs.  I will say I can definitely tell a difference in sound quality though and it's positive ;).  Hoping they last!  That's the biggest thing.  My experience with ear buds have not been great as far as how long they last.
Excellent sound, clarity, and no outside noises. They come with extra ear pieces to fit your ear too. I would reccommend these to anybody who wants great sound!! They're much better than the ear buds that come with Apple devices!
These earbuds were okay for the first few months but then, just like my previous JBuds, they stop working on one side. Also, the overall quality becomes a hit or miss. Sometimes, I get the full surround sound and other times its as if I'm listening to mono radio. I'm not happy with these ear-buds and DO NOT recommend these.
I bought these JLab J5M earbuds because they were 80% off.  I was using skullcandy earbuds prior to this and had to replace them.  The second I plugged these J5Ms in I regretted my purchase.  There is almost no bass response.  These were originally priced at $65 which is absurd.  I would expect earbuds that were that expensive to at least have a moderate low to mid level response.  The high end is "tinny" also.  I will be returning these.  The reason I am giving these a 2 star is only due to the comfort of the fit and seal they produce.
Perfect product!
I own 3 different JLab Earbuds and love them all.  I've owned the J5 for 7 months and they are still working great. Once you find out which size tip works for your ear, they are super comfortable. Also the different size tips affect how the music sounds so experiment until you find what you like. I leave them in pretty much all day while at work and my ears don't hurt at all.I stumbled upon their products when my old headphones gave out ($20 sony earbuds) and I noticed the JLab earphones were around the same price.  The difference was night and day. I am now an avid JLab fan, and I will not hesitate to purchase more if I ever break my current earbuds or when I can afford some of JLabs more expensive models. I recommend JLab products to everyone I know. Excellent sound quality / build quality / customer service.
So far so great. Great sound and durable. Will update if problems occur
Flimsy finish
Awesome ear buds....third pair just to have because they were on sale and couldnt pas up
Great sound and great quality.
Most reliable headphones I found so far. Other models usually  disintegrate within a month or two after carrying in a pocket , those last for 6 months and more of pretty brutal use. I can't complain about the sound quality as well.Allows you to have phone conversations in noisy environment, where otherwise you would not be able to hear anything(just cover the mic or put on mute when you are not talking).Do not hurt you ears like the original apple headphones do.
Out of the box only one earbud worked.  Returned it with no issues. In the past I purchased the J3s but tried these as the J3s were out of stock. The problem is that this is also an issue with the J3s.  Typically takes about 6-8 months but they always stop working on one side.  The sound is great and the design is perfect for small ears.  I wish they would fix this defect on all JLabs earbuds because they do have a good product and this should be an easy defect to fix.
I purchased these on sale, paid about $22 dollars. I don't use them too much and after 1 month i can't hear anything on the right side. I can't make a return because I bought them over a month ago.Lesson learned, don't buy these
Great sound and very light.
These are really uncomfortable. Also the "control" doesn't actually control the iphone. It seems like it is just for show.
These earbuds do the job but not as well as my OLD Sony earbuds. One positive thing about them though is the fact I can actually hear the music in my right ear. I am almost deaf in that ear so I was very surprised when I discovered I could hear using these earbuds. I recommend them for anyone who just wants to be in the middle road.
Amazing sound range. slightly prone to tangling, and headphones are prone to outside physical noises.
Great sound, but the earbuds tend to fall out.
super quality and sound
shame that the product arrived I defetuoso !! as the buy for my partner's birthday and when I get to use only 1 of the headphones sounds! bad luck! since I have purchased products from this brand before and they were all excellent !!
The sound was better than I expected. Great bass response. But, like every other ear bud I've bought, one side has stopped working.
Sound is ver y good
Great headphones, especially for the price. I thought the treble was pretty clear but I was most impressed with the depth of the base for earbuds.
Work well and are comfortable in my ears.
nice and clear.
One ear stop working
We have had these replaced at least 4 times, I lost count.  The good thing is they would always replace them if they're still under the 1-year warranty, but the bad thing is you have to keep getting them replaced and each time you have to pay shipping to ship them back.  I've already spent more than double on shipping alone compared to the price I paid for these.  They are not worth it unless you want to pay a lot to keep replacing them after a few weeks or a few months of use.
Great sound in ear, good microphone reception. Only problem with them is that due to their design, they block out sound from outside, which may hinder your ability to drive with them.
Bought 2 but 1 broke within 2 weeks
Very good. Value for money.
The worst headphone I ever purchased.
Very clear fits snugly excellent quality.
I always look for and buy the $14 JBuds since I go through 1-2 pair a year due to a rugged lifestyle.The sound is good, and gotta love the price.
I was worried when I opened the package to find these in a static bag and not a box.  But after opening it, I discovered  many small details (like the Y split with a molded "J5" logo instead of a sticker, or the fine holes in the screen mesh) showing care and attention to build quality.Of course, these don't mean anything if the headphones don't sound good... and they don't.  They sound great.  I was amazed with the first listening: clean, crisp highs, and booming bass -- and from such tiny hardware.  The heavy low end might turn off purists, but it's just what I'm looking for in earbuds.Well designed and well manufactured, the J5s are a steal for the price.[UPDATE] About 2 weeks after I bought these, the little "J5" logo fell out, from where it sits at the Y splitter.  It looks like that is glued in, and I could've fixed it myself had I noticed it at the time.  I emailed JLabs and explained the problem, and they told me to just send them back and they'd send me a coupon to buy anything of the same value from their website.  So customer service is excellent, too.
Broke after three weeks, one of the earbuds separated from the housing and a wire broke off, so it only plays in one ear now.  It worked well and sounded good, but it seems to be made rather cheaply.  This was with normal use sitting at a desk, not any type of misuse.  I won't buy again.
One of the ears went out after a few months. This is not a quality product. Do not buy!
it was great when it lasted. One earbud stopped working after 2 weeks of purchase
They fit great but they are just okay sounding.  For the price I'll keep them to use during workouts.
These J5's  did not have the mic.  Sound is great, but my other J5's had the mic
Great sound, great bass, even better price
You get what you pay for.  No external volume control.
I did not know what to expect due to the price and I don't know the JlLab brand.  The work great and the are well made, fit well in the ear and product a comfortable clear sound.  I have enjoyed the earbuds very much and recommend them it terms of price and quality.
They're pretty good headphones, nearly on par with the J4 headphones. The 45 degree angle jack is certainly better than the straight jack on the J4s. However, my pair of J5s have a defect on the jack where the plastic meets the metal that causes the left headphone to short out occasionally. My left headphone shorting out on the J4s is why I bought this pair of J5s, so it's pretty disappointing that these headphones aren't better. They were pretty cheap at 12 dollars, though, so I'm not terribly upset. I would suggest the J4s over the J5s, however, if you're looking for sturdy headphones without defects that will last you over a year. I was pretty hard on my J5s and they survived for a year and a half. I've only had the J5s for a month and a half, but the J4s seem to have better sound quality and to be sturdier than the J5s.
Good sound and quality product for low price
So far these have been very good. I gave them four stars because I have not had them very long. I'll have to see how they last. The sound quality is very good for inexpensive buds. Also I like how lightwait they are. You can bearly notice them. No real complants so far.
Great for mobile devices (tablets, personal computers).  Fantastic sound quality too for the price!!
Work well, good sound.
Great for audio books.
Amazing sound and endurance totally worth the buy!
I decided to purchase these based on specs... And I wasn't disappointed.  I know what my ears like and these fit and fill my ears well, happy listening .
As a bit of a preface to my headphone history: I try my best take care of my headphones, but haven’t had good experience in the past with earbuds. The 3.5 mm connector always seems to break on me, so I’ve gone through two pairs of J2s, and then went to Sony for a year or so, and have since decided to come back to Jbuds for their great quality and price. I have now had the J5s for the past 2 months, and they are holding up well!The 45 degree connector has worked well for me, and hopefully will help stop my streak of going through earbuds in 6 months or less. It seems quite robust, and I have had no problems with it whatsoever.Now, for the sound quality: I wouldn’t qualify myself as an audiophile, and don’t know that much about sound, but all my music is in Apple Lossless, and it sounds amazing on these. They do a great job at getting rid of outside noise, and I use them to work out 5 days a week, and have gone on several flights with them. I can barely hear anything but the music when I put it at about 50% loudness on my iPhone. Finally, the bass is quite surprising in these tiny earbuds!The comfort with these is also a major plus. I have just kept the original cushion on the earbuds, which I believe is the medium size. It works great for me, and I can wear these for hours without it being painful. Furthermore, I have fallen asleep many times with these in, and my ears don’t hurt when I wake up (something that Ive had trouble with in the past).The only downside that Ive experienced with these is the cord noise. Sometimes, when it hits my desk or computer or something else, it will produce some kind of static or other noise. I see this as a minimal drawback, and haven’t experienced it to the extent that some other reviewers have.So, in conclusion, these are amazing earbuds for the price. They are quality earbuds that I think can go head to head with many earbuds that are more expensive. Lastly, they sound great, and thats what headphones are supposed to do, right?
goodones
Jlab makes the best ear buds around for their cost. I love the ergonomic design of these headphones and the sound quality is excellent. These are my third pair of jbuds (all still work) and I have yet to be disappointed.
These things sound great and are super comfortable
These are quite the durable ear buds. My daughter loves to twirl, whip, chew, stretch, and other various destructive habits, with her ear buds. I have found the JLab J5M to be extremely durable and a value.  Now... When they say they are kevlar reinforced, I believe it to be true! They must be to withstand the abuse I see them undergo each day...and they keep working. She is rather picky about the sound of her ear buds too! I bought her 13 different pair for Christmas because she typically goes through them so fast. Her last set of J5M's lasted until July. So a little over 7 months. Now you may say, "That's garbage! They should last longer than that!" But when I tell you she is abusive, I really mean it. She uses them as a chew toy constantly. Every time I look at her, I have to tell her to quit doing 'something' to her ear buds... Normally, a pair will last her, if we're lucky, a week. So for a pair to last as long as these have, I am impressed. I have not used them, and I am extremely picky with my sound because I used to be a sound engineer. But she is also pretty picky, and for her to say they're good, they must not be bad. Because if they are missing anything, she tells me, and won't use them. These particular ear buds are a good value for the dollar, and are durable. I do recommend them.
Love it!
These ear buds were pretty good. They didn't fit into my ear very well but that's only because I didn't change the ear bud tips. Other than that, they have very good sound and nice noise isolation.
Were great while they lasted. Stopped working completely two months and four days after purchase. The right side went first, and then the left. Won't be buying another pair of these.
These buds break the rule that you get what you pay for. These buds were only like $22.00, (which as buds go is cheap) but the sound is amazing. You would have a hard time knowing which was this brand or wshich was Bose!! Buy them NOW> and get some as gifts.
great sound quality and base . i have accidentally washed it in with my pants several times and it still works like a dream. worth every penny
I bought these because of great reviews. After trying them, I think it all depends on how well they fit in your ears. If you get a nice comfortable, tight seal -- apparently they're amazing. But none of the sizes provided fits perfectly in my ears. They are either too big and uncomfortable to wear, or too small and prone to falling out or generating noise as I move. (I tried all the sizes.) Still, they're fine, I just wouldn't pay top dollar for them. They seem to go on sale frequently.
Yes, these are very good quality.  Made the earphone that came with my phone, seem like junk.
I bought two pair and We love them
I have been using JLab Earbuds for a few years. Great headphones, the price is right too, less than 10 bucks. The Warranty, if you need it, is painless. I would recommend without hesitation.
Terrible earbuds. Had to return both ones I bought for the same reason. One side only works after 1 use!
Amazing crystal clear sound
works great.
I ordered these a month ago for an international trip. I loved them right away. Color, fit, angle of the plug were all great. The sad thing is that the left ear is already going out. Truly disappointed in them. I expected a much better quality, and for them to last much much longer.
Great sounding ear buds. As other people have stated, when running etc you can hear the cord making noise as it bounces against your chest etc, but this didn't bother me too much. Still one of the best pair of ear-buds I have purchased for a great price.
works for inexpensive application
They are just alright , the dollar store earbuds work just as well but don't have all the extra foam attachments. Really not worth the price in my opinion.
I use them daily - great!
Great earbuds, great sound, not expensive
I used for less than 30 days when one side went out.  Seemed solid at the time.
Second pair. Lost the first pair. The changeable ear pieces are very nice and fit snug in ear. Low end response is some of the best I have experienced in ear buds. Have used these now for over two years...if you count the first pair. Would purchase again.
I ordered a set of these along with a pair of Panasonic RPHJE120K buds as a backup.  The sound quality of the pair I recieved was good, but the balance was off a bit towards the left, which generally indicates a volume problem with the right phone.  After about ten days of use, the right bud would occasionally stop producing anything other than minimal sound, an intermittent problem that occurred on rare occasion at first, but became more prominent as time went on.  I would rate this initial pair as unacceptable due to these problems.On the positive side, however, registration of the set on the JLabs site was quick and easy, and filing a warranty claim was likewise a simple, streamlined affair, taking no more than about 10 minutes.  Within an hour, I received an email saying a new set of buds was on the way, and got the replacements right away.I've been using the replacement buds for about a week now.  Right away the sound was much better, without the balance problem of the previous pair.  Sound quality is good for a set of $20 buds, with solid bass, clear mids, and good range highs.  These also produce better volume than the Panasonics I got at the same time, with better quality sound overall.  They're comparable to the V-Moda bass relief buds that used to be my mainstay phones, but provide a better balance, without the bass-heavy sound.The fit with the large tips is snug and comfortable, even for longer listening sessions.Overall, I've been very pleased with the replacement pair.  I'm hoping they prove to be more durable than the initial set.  The sound quality for the price can't be beat, so long as you get a good pair.
Look very much like a very high quality and high technology piece of equipment, just like its name sounds.  The body is nicely milled out of aluminum alloy and cover with powder spray paint,  the connector jack is nicely angled, and the cord is built with nice rubbery material that seems will never tangle up.  It is really nice to look at and feel in your hand.  I don't know if it is just louder or really better then the cheaper ones.Anyway, after a run with this earphone, it  seems a little heavy, I can feel the cord bouncing on my body and making lots of noise in my ears.  Every slight unintentionally tug on the cord the earphone will come out of your ea unless you push the earbud into your ear very hard, but then you would feel like you are taking off or landing in an airplane.  Also, they are sticking out of your ear a little too far with bouncing wires flapping along with every steps you take.  So I will never run with it again or use it again not mentioning buying anything like that again.I really like the cheaper one I am using that made of plastic with a light, narrow soft plastic cord that I can't even feel it is around.  The earpiece are hanging on you ears and the earbud is on the earpiece which is comfortably rest in your ear holes instead of the whole shebang hanging on your ear holes.  And they don't sound any different just setting it one click louder.
I used these ear buds twice before the left one went out. Now the sound out of the right ear bud is muffled. Would not purchase again.
Love these ear buds! Very comfortable & great sound!
Not that durable but the return policy is excellent.  Good sound for a fairly cheap price.
Best travel earbuds with great noise cancelling function.
I have had these headphones for less than three months and it has gone mono instead of stereo.  I thought they would be great and they worked great for a while then just stopped.
love it, so durable!
I use it everyday during my commute to/from work.  Very comfortable. Good quality of sound. The second one I purchased (lost the first one)
Nice
junk
Terrific product. Love them
Work wonderfully, sound great, and the metal buds are extremely durable.  Microphone picks up sound excellently.
If you're looking for inexpensive but decent headphones these are great BUT JLab has a nasty history of earbuds not working after a short while.  I would recommend the J6M earbuds over these but either one is a decent pick.  It would be 3 stars but the company's return policy is extremely decent and they also have options to recycle the broken headphones as well!
Good quality and good sound. I would recommend to anyone looking for inexpensive ear buds.
Great sound, a little less bass than previous, and the most annoying thing is that I always lose the little blue coverings, even though JLAB sends extra pairs, it still manages to get lost. I love the sound because they are kind of like noise canceling headphones. When you plug them in, even if you are in a subway or a busy place, you can hear the music perfectly without having to make the volume too loud. I would recommend these headphones because they do not get tangled as much as others since the actual buds are magnetic.
The tone is beautiful.  But, they look fragile and the wires tangle.  But I enjoy using them.
My wife likes her headphones, being used on her cell phone (Nexus 4) and iPod - but these are for general use. One star knocked off for the durability of these headphones from JLab - I've gone through quite a few where one side would just stop working. I've claimed a few through the warranty process, but sometimes it's just easier to buy another pair.  Again, good sound for day-to-day use.
Work great.
These are AWESOME! The stereo sound on these is great; I use them while I'm playing games on my Kindle because these don't have the volume control on the cord.
These headphones were recommended to me by a friend who has a similar problem to mine: tiny ear canals. These earbuds come with three different sizes, and the smallest are perfect for me. I can wear the headphones for extended periods of time without any discomfort, which is usually not the case. I use these when I work out, which means I want them to stay in place and allow for me to hear ambient noises as well. These definitely do the job. These also work well with hands-free phone operation - I've never had any complaints from anyone with whom I have spoken w/r/t sound quality. My only complaint is that there is a weak spot where the metal plug connects to the rubber cord. My phone slipped out of my pocket during one workout during bench presses and the cord broke where it meets the metal plug. No amount of super gluing fixed the situation and now I'm stuck with a precariously connected plug that may or may not twist to failure in successive workouts.
The sound is not very good, sounds a bit metallic and lacks depth, but this is not the worst part.  The earphone (I've tried all 3 pairs that come with it) don't fit well and so that creates an even less desirable sound reproduction since you can hear outside noise very easily.  Lastly, the 1/8 plug seems to be every so slightly different/larger than most headphones and it causes these to easily unplug from the device.  I've tried them in my Samsung S5 as well as my wife's Samsung Note 3.  Wouldn't buy these again, I'd rather use the OEM headphones if only I hadn't lost them.
I use these even when I don't have to because the sound is amazing.  At first I got sound in only one ear, but the help I got from other customers quickly resolved the problem.  I did not have the buds plugged in far enough.  Nice, comfortable earbuds.
These headphones broke in under a week.
Sounds muffled
I have bought 3 pairs of these headphones and all three have had one of the earpieces stop working within a week of purchase.My main complaints are:Headphones are rated at 4 stars but were 5 stars at first purchaseOriginal price was $8.99 then rose to $12.99 now they are $19.99I've noticed a trend in Amazon Prime eligible items that start off cheap with a near perfect score of 4.5 - 5 stars. Trusting in the customer ratings, I make the purchase only to be disappointed with the product. Examples below.Blender - Doesn't mix properly, won't crush ice, not very good. Had 5 star rating when purchased with over 1K reviews. Now it's at 3 stars.Hair curling wand - Broke within a month of purchase. Had 5 star rating with over 2k reviews, now 3 stars.I really want to be able to trust the user reviews of products and I like buying Amazon Prime eligible items. I've been burned so many times now that I'm hesitant to buy anything from Amazon that has Prime eligibility. The products are inferior or damaged or break shortly after purchase.
Great earphones, sound quality is awesome, and they do work with my s5 :D
Completely unusable. I cannot judge the quality of the audio reproduction because any slight movement of the wires translate into thunder overpowering whatever is playing. I gave all 6 variations of rubber earpiece a try, and even placed them in my ears without the cups in case it was the material. It's not, i suspect it is the metal construction that seems so sturdy. The plastic on the wire is stiff, and the robust connection to the housing allows vibrations to resonate along the entire package. It sounds like a fisher price stethoscope. It seemed like there was a nice base response, but I couldn't really tell over the sound the texture of my shirt was making as i turned my head slightly to look at the packaging and determine if it was worth returning or if i should do the world a favor and destroy them so that they may never afflict another eardrum.
I took very good care of it (along with another earphone from JLab) -- both earphones broke within a month. With this earphone in particular, I cannot hear with the left side of the earphone anymore -- and it's been less than a month
These are good headphones, but when there is static in the environment these can be worse than other earbuds because they will literally zap you in your ear if you make contact with someone or something with too much static.
sturdy, lasting a a while now.
One of the earbuds died after 3 weeks!! Not worth it!
These are Great Ear Buds,  Don't be fooled by cheap ear buds you get what you pay for,  these should get 6 stars I would recommend them to all my friends
I bought these as a gift for my dad for Father's Day this year and unfortunately they quit working after only one use. The sound went out in both the earbud pieces and wouldn't come back.
Great sounding! I'd buy another pair.
every nice for the money
It Arrived when expected and with excellent conditions, the best earbuds that you can buy for the price, guaranteed!
Great sound at a great price.
I have very small ear canals and struggle to find good fitting, decent sounding earbuds.  I discovered the J3 Jbuds several years ago and love them (5 star review)!  I bought my daughter a pair of J3s a year ago.  Just recently, I tore the smallest tips and the next size up proved to be uncomfortable.  I came to Amazon to buy replacement tips only to find J5s for a cheaper price...no brainer, right?  Upgrade to more recent technology, right?  WRONG!  In plain English, the J5s suck.  I found the sound to be very tinny, any adjustments to my streaming programs with no improvement in the output.  It was like the treble was on high with no ability to lower it.  I will disclose I am more of a bass person than treble but appreciate a good balance.  There's no balance in these ear buds.
I purchased a pair of JLab J5 ear buds and the left ear bud quit working in less than two months. Very disappointing. But thankfully Amazon replaced them free after I wrote to them about my experience. Not sure if it was because I'm a Prime member or what. It sure made my day!I hope my next pair will fair better cause I really liked them. They were small enough to not hurt my ears when wearing them for long periods.
i use these every day when i run. I sweat alot and they dont short out on me. Very lightweight and fit into my ears well, no slipping out. Good sound quality.
Excellent product. Excellent service!!
The sound was what you would expect from a $10 pair of headphones. Muddy, but I'm okay with that. Don't expect these to last too long either because the build quality is right at or just below what you pay for. The cords are very skinny. I ordered the "Sneakerhead" color (black/grey/red) and the cord turned out to be more of a bright pink then red. Then after 2 days one of the earphones stopped working.
T hese earphones didn't last 3 weeks, I bought these earbuds because I have always been a fan of Jlab. However, though all that I have bought of this brand in the past have performed very well, this particular pair gave out in less than a month. There seems to be a short in one of the earbud housings. We all make mistakes, but this one disappointed me.
I liked these OK at first - the sound is good, not great but good enough. Then they started producing small shocks in my ears every once in a while. It was really unpleasant. I wasn't at all disappointed when I lost them. I don't recommend buying this product.
the tonal quality is great. they have a wide frequency range, and they have small price tag on them. The end
They are OK at best! You can be something comparable at Wal-Mart, or Tiger Direct for half of the price.
Kids love them. Good quality. Hold up well. Quick shipping.
Super loud hadphones...love it i used them in my job and i work demolition so the place is very loud and this headphones help me....thanks
Got these cheap for 10 bucks and free shipping. Easily would pay 40-50 for them. Good quality, comfortable. Strongly recommended.
I swear when I bought these exact headphones ~2 years ago when they were more expensive, the sound quality was pretty impressive. Now at $10, these sound like every other $10 earbuds on the market. Oh well, maybe I'm just imagining things.What could either frustrate you to no end, or be very, very pleasant is the fact that these actually go inside your ear and sort-of seal off outside noises. This gives that sort of 'stethoscope' effect where you can hear the cords every time they're being touched, but it's great for blocking out noises when you're playing music. I used these on a long 8 hour flight situated behind two perpetually crying defecating infants, and these headphones were the only things keeping me sane.
If you are just looking for a cheap ($9) pair of headphones, they are OK. As mentioned on other reviews, there is a lot of noise if you are running or jostling the wires very much. If you just want something for sitting at your desk and listening to tunes while doing your work, these are perfect. For the gym, jogging or exercise not so much.
I gave a three star because I bought two pair and the other pair works fine but this one didn't last. They came with several bud caps, fit nicely in the ear and produced good sound. Mysteriously one earbud just stopped working. Didn't return it because they're cheap enough that it's not worth the effort.
Great sound for great price. This is my second set of Jlab's (other set Diego's) love both pairs and they sound great.
ive only had them about 2 weeks but so far they seem good. the sound is amazing. i like the multiple buds that come with it to custom fit your ear
I purchased (2) pair of these earbuds, always good to have a backup!  And this past week, one ear had the sound go out?  WHAAAAAAAAAAAT, as I use these for walking at lunchtime as well as at the gym and now, after 6 weeks, im forced to use the other set (NOT GOOD).The sound quality in these earphones have some sort of "metal" scratching feel to them, when using and I DETEST that you cannot stop/pause without actually using the phone (most earbuds have a device on the cord that allows you to pause that way).  The sound is pretty good but im just disappointed at the longevity (or a lack thereof) of these earphones.You can best believe that you wont find me ordering another pair of THESE!!!  But I will use the other set, starting tomorrow, to be sure that the current set isn't "defective", a fluke .....but the "Metal" in the name sure holds true although I don't know WHY one would need to hear a metal sound within earphones?  Makes no sense to me (shrugging).
These headphones are great for listening to music with bass. They are worth it and the quality is good as well.
These blow away my Bose ears buds. The music sounds professional quality. You hear instruments you don't hear with even expensive earphones. Makes me sick I paid $100 for the Bose. And the Bose wires came apart where they attach to the earpiece and can't be fixed, The JLab use Kevlar wires and I doubt they will fail.
Pro: Good sound and good priceCon: Large kinda awkward plug  Mic/Button setup is too large  Button is hard to useBottom line: Good sound but the design needs some work.I think that the mic/button bothers me the most. The microphone is a little large than I'd like and the button is hard to find without actually looking at it. I use these daily on the bus/subway and it's always a pain trying to find the button without actually looking down at it. Since the button is smooth and with the rest of the mic i's really hard to locate with touch alone. I've also found that trying to skip tracks is a real pain. I usually try a few times to skip a track before it works but most of the time I just give up.
I love the sound from these.  Good bass, good highs.  The cord doesn't curl up and tangle, so that is a big plus.
These are awesome headphones.  I bought four sets and I would put them in the same class of the Monster headphones.  I would definitely recommend these to anyone.
Product broke in less than a month. I usually play it for my 20 minute commute at 70% volume. My Samsung Galaxy SIII earphones last better and still works after a year.
Anything that touches the cord reverberates loudly back to the earbud. This makes for an awful and distracting listening experience.
Broke in less than 30 days I guess you get what you pay for.  Lost sound in one side.  No bueno.
Serviceable quality,compared to professional headphones. Reviews were so sparkling, I thought I'd take a chance at $9.99, plus $5.73 shipping... and very glad I didn't pay full price.  They're not horrible, but they're not close to what I normally use, Sony's MDR-7506 cans. Very boomy, not crisp, but useful for voice editing.
Great sound for all of the 72 minutes they worked. Just quit - dead. Zilch. Cheap price - expensive item for 72 minutes of use!
These buds are very comfortable and the fit for me is perfect.  Sound is clear, very happy with my purchase.
Sure they look a bit flimsy compared to others in the JLab line -- and I have a whole lot of them that I've accumulated over time (still have them, in fact, because I've found them incredibly durable) -- but these sound nearly as good as any of them; the Epic included. NEARLY doesn't mean AS, of course, but good enough for me not to complain given the price.Comfort is also just as good as any of the JLabs that I have (J4, J6, Epic). What these inexpensive ones *don't* have (beyond a high price tag) is an assortment of additional tips or a carrying case (at least, mine didn't). That's not a problem in my case since the tips included fit my ears well and I have other cases but you might feel differently.Just got these so I don't know how they'll hold up but, sound and comfort-wise, they are great.
Would like to hgood buyear a little ore bass,but enjoy the features. It works just as advertised. A real  good  biy
These earbuds are very nice. Great sound and fits very nicely.  I got two (a blue and a metal). The blue is really nice, but I am not too crazy about the metal color. It is lighter than I expected, but again the sounds is great.
I have had several sets of JLab JBuds over the years in differing price ranges and styles. They serve the purpose well for the price  range. Good product.
One side of earbuds is defected. It has lower volume than the other one and sometime it gives off static noise.
These earbuds are pretty good. The sound is good - very clear. So far so good, I have not had any problems with them. I use them everyday - they are worth the price. Much better then some other brands that I have tried.Update 7-18-14I love the earbuds but they are defective and just stopped working completely - what a disappointment because they sound good for the price. Amazon was nice enought to replace them for me. I hope these last longer then the last pair.
Very nice headphones for the price - great sound - maybe a little bass heavy but I was looking for that. Nice quality to the build abd the wires.Thom
Sound is awesome - color is awesome - couldn't ask for better
They're usable if you're sitting and not moving, but any slight touch on the wire creates noise through the earbuds. The earbuds fit nicely and cancel noise well, which actually serves to emphasize the noise through the cables. I use them at my desk only, when I need to use them for a webinar or something like that and want to kill outside conversations or noise. I won't use them to listen to music, and not even to listen to an audiobook when I walk.
Edit: I see the price must vary or maybe I got mine on sale.  I paid $10, but the going rate seems to be $20 now just days later.  That doesn't change my opinion and I would gladly pay $20 for another pair and still think that's a fair price.  I've tried countless headphones in the $20-50 price range over the years and I think these are the best value and sound great.Incredible value!  That sums it all up right there.  This is my 2nd purchase of JLab buds, the first pair is still going strong after two years hard use.  I like them so much, I wanted to have another backup pair on hand and ready to go.  Other reviews have mentioned quality and units dying quickly.  I'm sure that's happened, anything that's massed produced at a low price point is bound to have defective units.  As mentioned above, my first pair as been thoroughly abused in all sorts of conditions (I take them where I'm afraid to lose or damage my more expensive earbuds) and they've held up beautifully and still sound like day 1.  Lucky? Maybe.I have numerous earbuds ranging in price from $10 to $200 for various uses.  These $10 Jbuds are probably the ones I grab the most. I would put them head-to-head with any earbuds at $50 or less and would bet the vast majority of listeners would find these just as good as the most expensive ones.  They'd be shocked once they found out the price was only $10!  The sound is great, excellent in fact for the price.  Are they going to sound as good as something 10x the price, no, of course not!  If you're reading this review, you're probably not trying to compare them to Shure's, Sennheiser's or whoever (you shouldn't be).  You're probably trying to compare them to other $10-$30 earbuds.  Stop.  You've found the best.If you're looking for the absolute best value for the money, you've found it. Buy now with no hesitation!  If lose them, break the cord, they stop working after X months or whatever -- THEY WERE ONLY $10!  You got your moneys worth!  If you hate them -- THEY WERE ONLY $10!
Mine didn't last very long... good luck.
I expected more about this product and its not like  what I did.
I thought this was going to be a good product but it wasn't. The right earbud gave out the next day. I am not exaggerating when I tell you that you have to wiggle it a certain way for it to give off sound. Do not buy this product just spend a little moreoney for better earphones.
Got these for a co-worker and she loved them.  5 Star product.
It's an okay headphone. I found the earbuds themselves uncomfortable and switched them out with some others I have from a previous JBud (which the cat ate the cord, hence ordering new ones). They don't reduce all noise and tend to come loose or fall out when I'm walking the dog. But I didn't want to pay a ton of money for headphones so they do the trick.
I had several JLabs before this, but I am for sure the most satisfied with these J5M. They are very comfortable... very clear sound, and very good quality. I take very poor care of them and still they are indestructible. I am very happy with J5M and would highly recommend it.
THESE ARE A MUST HAVE!!! I got these in black and purple/black for me and my hubby and they have been incredible. Love that they came with different sizes earbud pieces because my ears are smaller and I needed to be able to make that size decision.
Great set of headphones for a great price, can't go wrong with these.  Sound is impressive for the price and the quality feels above its price.
Buds don't fit very well.  If I hold them in myself, the sound is pretty good.  Also, they have a short in the wire.  Once fiddled with, I can get the buds to work fine.
These are perfect for my teenager, who seems to go thru a couple pair of earbuds a year.  These sound good and they're at a great price, so if they get lost or stepped on, I'm not out too much money
I bought these as an upgrade to my beloved Panasonic rphje120. These j5 headphones sounded great when they lasted, but that doesn't matter, because after a week of use the left ear bud stopped working. Simply ridiculous. I own many pairs of headphones, and thus I know how to treat them with care. Nothing I did warrants the incredibly short life span of this product. Horrible. Because jlabs products seem to be so popular on amazon, I did not expect something like this to happen. I'm going back to my Panasonic's as my main budget ear bud, and will  probably never be touching jlabs products again.Great jobs guys, you lost another customer.
I bought a pair of J6M back in August 2013 what a great experience!, nice sound and really durable, sadly I bought J5M and my experience is really bad first they came without mic button (bad quality control) the button wasn't inside the package!, 1 day later left ear died, if you want to buy get J6, stay away from J5 series.
I'm using this product since a few months now. The sound is very good and they are still working quite good. Especially the ajustable parts make sure the headphones stay in the ear (tested it while running really quickly). Recommand this product!!!
Sounds solid, heavy on the bass, and you need to try out each little ear piece but still better than products you would find at a local store.
Not sure about the interesting  shape at the connection points.  Since the connection points seem to be the spots most likely to fail, I am hoping the change will bring some durability.
UNHAPPY.... I HAD THE  RIGHT EARBUD IN MY EAR AND LOST SOUND.... TRIED IN DIFFERENT DEVICES STILL THE RIGHT BUD DOESNT WORK... PURCHASED APRIL 16TH RECEIVED A FEW DAYS AFTER STOPPED WORKING MAY 27TH... CANT RETURN TO AMAZON BECAUSE ITS OUTSIDE OF THEIR RETURN DATE... DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY... OH AND JUST FYI THEY STILL LOOK BRAND NEW THERE ARE NO CUTS IN THE WIRES NOTHING IS LOSE CONNECTING TO THE EARBUD THEY HAVE NOT BEEN ABUSED IN ANYWAY...
Well constructed and attractive, they sound as good as they look. Highly recommended. Get you some before they're all gone.
I purchased a pair of J5M ear buds and found the sound quality to be excellent. The base is far better than other ear buds I've used and the shape and size of the ear pieces make them very comfortable wearing while working out.  The in-line mic is a nice feature and sound quality is great but I use it rarely.  The best part of this product, however, is the product support by JLab.  My first pair lost audio in the left ear after about six weeks.  I found that the Amazon warranty had expired so I went to JLab site and found that they have a one year warranty.  I filed a claim online, it was confirmed within 48 hrs, and I had a replacement pair within a week after that via routine mail.  There were no questions asked.  They stand behind their product--a rarity these days.
I use these when I ride my bike.  Ive been using them for over a month now.  Im think of ordering more of JLab products, Ive already convince my co workers to buy some as well.
my pair broke up after a month of minor usage. one earbud simply went quiet.since there are many reports of the same problem, there is something fundamentally wrong with the construction.this is not a cord problem.
I waited a while to give these a raiting...I have probably purchased more than 20 Jlab Jbuds in the past 4 years....some you can take through hell and they will last you a year+, and then there are the pair that are completely pampered and stay at your desk and die in about 2 months. There is a little something off in the sound with the J5's; an echo. But so far so good.
great price I bought 4 and gave them out my friends and family we all like them I recommend them to all music lovers
I bought these last year on Dec 4th 2013 and they are still going strong.  i run in these all the time and they handle the abuse.  Plus, i sweat so much and these headphones have stood the test of time and really surpassed my expectations.  Sound quality is great too.  If you're not a crazy audiophile than you will love these.  The sound is nearing Monster Turbine level.  I actually bought these so i didn't have to run in my Turbines but now i just use them all the time.
These don't stay in my ears period. Just sitting they will eventually fall out, and they are useless for sports. The sound quality and microphone are good, but the design of the rubber tips makes them work their way out. Waste of money.
What a great sound for.such a low price....better than others I have purchased at more than twice the price.  GREAT DEAL!
It's amazing to me how good these sound when using with iPad for music or movies - they are excellent quality and price was good.
These headphones are not worth your money! They are supposed to be loud and they r not I can't hear my music that's how low they are.. never buy again..
Great buds.  Sound is outstanding.  The cord is just the right size not to small and thin like most.  I would order these again when they go on sale.
I have had these for only few weeks and now they don't work.  I first thought it was my IPad that wasn't working.  I tried a sony pair with it and I now know it is not my IPAD.  I can't hear anything.  I am very disappointed.
It's everything I have dreamed what features these earbuds have. I loved the booming sound, the manageable cables, and the slick design. I couldn't think of one thing that would make me dislike this product. It is great!
This product met my expectations and I am very happy with the results.  Once I tried all the rubber inserts and found the one to fit my ear canal I was very impressed.
These earbuds sound great and so far I've had no problems.  The reinforced rubber gromet where the wires meet the earbuds will hopefully keep these working for a long time.
i've never had the noise canceling ear buds before but these work great,  having for sizes of foam padding to choose from was excellent too as I have small ears.
I'm not an audiophile or one who is even real picky with my audio. I use them for basic listening.Pleased so far!
They don't stay in your ear unless you have a really big ear I suspect.  I did like the color, but that is pretty useless.
These sure beat the ear buds that come with mobile devices that are one size fits all. With 4 assorted tips you should have no problem finding a size that fits your ear. They are very comfortable and durable. I'm no sound quality expert but for the price these beat the sound and comfort of OEM ear buds.
Bought two of these, looked like a steal at the time. The Blue Steel one's right headphone died within a week. The black one's are working fine, but are still a below average product.
The cable is so stiff that any little pull will brake them. They last me a week. They didn't sound that great.
Very good isolation from ambient noise..Great detail for movie dialog, used on train ride and no issue with ambient noise!!
These little headphones are perfect for what I was looking for- something that had a good sound but with a small footprint(size). The sound is amazing for the size-very clear and crisp; stereo separation is great. I couldn't be more satisfied unless they had been free (but the price wasn't bad either).
Sound Clarity not good... Bass and effect not impressive. Expected a good performance but not satisfied with the purchase. Not sure if the earphones is faulty or the output of earphone is that much only.
I used the headphones sparingly for less than a month and the left earbud came apart. Amazon is cool to replace it but in terms of reviewing the headphone.... Good sound but shoddy construction on the ones I initially received.
The Jlab JBuds work great - -clear sound, fit well, love the color.  It looks better out of the package than in the picture.  Would definitely buy them the next time I need earbuds, definitely recommend them.
i bought 2 pair, the pink was for my ex and she liked them very much. i bought a different color for myself and i know they work really good, just wish they had volume control on the cord, however it comes with 4-5 different bud sizes for the ear, i use the smallest as it fits pretty snug and looks coolest w small size buds.
Rattling sound from one of the earbuds. Used it only once and had yo stop since it kept on happening when you turn your head or move up and down.
These are still better than the standard earbuds that Apple persists in packaging with their stuff.  The cables are more sturdy but not flat like the best-of-class Beats Tour earbuds.  But those go for $149 or more…these are less than $10.  Not necessarily throwaway…but I'm not worried about losing them or profiling a target on the subway for urban snatch and grab.
For the first 2 or 3 months after I bought these earbuds, I could not have been happier.  The sound was terrific, they were very comfortable, fit well, stayed in my ears while I worked out, and blocked out other sound very well.However, after a few months of use, the right earbud started "cracking" every once in awhile.  I first thought it was just due to static in my apartment over the winter, but it has continued to happen.  The sound is still great and I've had no other problems, but it very annoying as the cracking is relatively loud and would catch me off guard while I was trying to study.  I didn't treat these earbuds the best, but nothing too terrible so it might be just something wear and tear related.Regardless, fantastic earbuds for the price.  I would definitely take a chance that this wouldn't happen again and buy another pair if I was looking for some.
This was the replacement piece and did not even last for a week. I had to return it and cancel the order.I have been using Lenovo earphone for calls and listening to music I use it everyday still doing fine.
Sound quality is not great, noise cancellation is good, it fits little tight and feels slightly uncomfortable after sometime.Product quality seems to be very bad, It lasted only for a week, one of ear piece stopped working. I ordered replacement and exact same thing happened.Either they are selling defective pieces or this J5 series is flawed. Would never buy JBuds anymore.I have Lenovo's headphone with mic a very basic version of US $ 10.99 and its been working fine for more than 2 years. I was looking for something better. but looks like I have to go back to my old headphones and wore it out.
The sound is okay but I wasn't paying attention to the pictures and didn't notice that the ear buds are slick instead of foam. These will be my emergency back ups.
To start off, the mic is decent.Onto the review itself: The sound quality is pretty decent. It's nothing special that made me go "Wow!" but it's solid and fine. The earbuds themselves are made of a solid metal material so they feel solid and comfortable in your ears.The wires, on the other hand, will fray after a while. The headphones lasted about 5-6 months overall before dying out in one ear. So be wary of this when buying the product.Overall, it's solid and good.
They work great I enjoy them when I use them the sound is great glad I decided to order them...
I really like these. They are comfortable, and stay in my ears when jogging. The sound is very good too.
The headphone jack seems to be kind of messed up. The part that plugs into my phone bends when I'm working out and it's in my pocket, as all headphone jacks do, but it cuts the sound in and out. Everything else about these is perfect.
Sound quality is terrible. If you want cheap in-ears, go with Philips headphones (they go for about $8 and are WORLDS better). Gym headphones at best.
I bought these at a nice price.  These headphones sound great,  The sound is clear and crisp.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for a nice affordable headphones for their device.
For the life of me, I cannot get these things to stay in my ears.  It's almost as if they are too heavy, or that the in-line controls weigh too much, because if I do something more active than just sitting, they end up falling out in just a few steps.  I've tried every size of the ear pieces that they send with it, and no luck.  I would avoid these.
These were purchased to replace a long overdue set that I've had for a while.  While they were not the best that I've used, they were well worth the price I paid for them...
I've had this style of earbud before, but never so flimsy. One of the ears lost sound after just 6 uses. Waste of money.
Im so happy with this ear buds, the sound is very clear and they stay in my ear. The only thing that I don't like is that they are easy to tangled.
These earbuds are probably the best bang for your buck earbuds i've ever had.  Although the bass can be a little loose and perhaps a little bit overwhelming, the sound quality overall is amazing.  I love how these are lightweight and keep that seal tight.  I've used the J4 and J3 a couple years ago, but these are by far my favorites so far.  Will update if issues arise with these headphones
Sound quality is good, except that the left earbud stopped working a week in. Never had earbuds that died so quickly.
I've had these for a while now and I must say I'm disappointed. Yes, I use these while running... and they continually need to be readjusted to stay in my ears. Even just hanging out at home they have issues. Maybe my ear canals are too petite? Can't really say since I've not had much opportunity to check out other people's ear canals.
These have really good sound for the price.  Bass is a little loose and boomy at times, but midrange and highs are very clean and well defined.  (You really do have to burn them in, however.  They sound positively harsh right out of the package.)I don't think these are quite as good as my older J2s,  which have a smoother, silkier sound, but maybe that's because the older earbuds have been used for much longer.
I bought this as a gift for my husband who is a OTR driver. They lasted less than a week and the rt side shorted out. VERY DISAPPOINTING. They are marketed as sturdy and good. HA!!  One of the worst purchases I have made from Amazon.  Wasted money.
JLAB has great quality I buy them in bulks as if im in costco. Skullcandys suck since they tend to break one side
I have been using these for a long time, and they are holding up quite well. Sound is good, but the "JBuds J3 Micro Atomic In-Ear Earbuds Style Headphones" sound much better.
Generally, when I am purchasing earbuds, I like to get them in the store, so I can try them out before I buy them.  But the reviews and the price on these JLab buds was so good, I decided to take a risk.  Boy am I glad I did.  The sound and the operation of these buds are just fabulous.  They produce a clean sound that reproduces faithfully across the entire sound spectrum.  Now, I should tell you that I am by no means a professional audiophile.  I can't tell you that they sound warm or cool, or bright or soft or anything like that.  They sound great to my ears is all I know.One of the great features about these buds is the JLabs website has a burn-in service.  Just about any earbuds you might buy will sound pretty good right out of the box.  But running a burn-in program makes them sound so much better by stretching the diaphragms and working out the magnets in the buds.  This features a white noise, a pink noise, and a full spectrum sound generated for about a minute each on an infinite loop.  So, you can plug in your buds, set the volume to medium, stick 'em in a drawer or in another room or whatever,  run the sound generator for a day or two and for just a little time investment, your phones are better than new!I am very happy with these buds and if they last for a year or so, I will feel that they were well worth the investment.
Dead on arrival! The right side of this earbuds, the one with the mic, does not work: no sound comes out of it. I bought another one like a year ago and it was find, but this one had to be thrown away. Bad luck for me this time.
I picked these up when they were on sale for about $10. These headphones work as good as any other pair of headphones I have had that I have paid $25 for. Great fit in ears and comes with other size plugs for your ears for perfect fit. Does very good job with noise isolation and I have had no problems with the cord getting tangled.
Only bad thing to say is the highs and mids could be a bit clearer but they are definitely worth buying especially if you love bass. I am shocked that these put out this much bass. They seem to be built pretty durable. If you love bass than YOU should definitely try these.
These were the first buds I've used that did not come with a product. The sound quality was a level above the stock buds I've been using. They do have some limitations. When the cable is moved while using the buds they do make a low pitched noise. Gets a but annoying using them moving around. Since I'm a desk jockey, this not an Issue for me.Good sound, great value.
I picked up a pair of these by complete chance during JLabs' Grab Bag sale. Mine were the Purple J5 Metal Earbuds and they worked as I expected. I had never bought from JLabs before so I was unsure of how their products would be, but for just $7 for a chance to have ANY of their products (even a $60 portable bluetooth speaker) I couldn't pass it up. Sadly I did not get some crazy expensive product but I did get these very nice earbuds.First thing I noticed when opening the packaging is that these earbuds are VERY well made. The metal on them is not the cheap thin, junky feeling metal, they are solid feeling and sturdy metal buds; a nice surprise. The next thing you will notice when unwrapping these is that they come with a warranty, very nice add on but it was expected. These also come with several different sizes earbud rubber pieces. These come in very handy if you want to get the sizing just right.The functionality of these earbuds actually surprised me for being such a cheap set of headphones. I browsed several noise canceling and in ear earbuds, but some can get pretty pricey, up to $150. These work excellently for me. They reduce noise, so much so that at just a low volume of music, you can not hear someone speaking loudly right in front of you. Which brings me to my next point, the sound quality. The quality overall is pretty good, some songs sound a little "odd" through them but most sound crystal clear and perfectly. These earbuds also have a nice level of bass with them, so you can really get into your music using them.Overall these headphones are AMAZING for the price of just $10! I would gladly pay more for them, but again the quality of the sound they give is slightly (just ever so slightly) reduced. I'm sure if you want to spring for a more expensive pair you'll get better than these, but for just $10 you can't beat these. If you are on a budget or looking for a cheap pair of headphones as a back up or temporary set THESE are the ones for you!
You definitely get what you pay for with these headphones. Muddy middle and very lacking on the high end of the sound spectrum. Bass is OK but quite "loose" sounding. Overall for the price and for my use as a spare, they're acceptable. However if you really care about what your music sounds like, get something else.
they work great with m y kindle or laptop!  great guality for the price. I choose pink to match my kindle holder.
Bout these for a school's prom "Tech Basket" and they are perfect!  Just as described.  Also has minimalist packaging, very slick and semi-eco friendly.
Great value and build, worked out in them, and gave them a good sweat, bass was good, highs wear nice.
Great buds, but the quality of the cord has rendered the left side completely broken after only the first week. Since I enjoy listening to music through both of my ears, one star until they fix it.
Average build and sound quality. The wires and everything rub together and make noise. However, the ultimate test is the sound quality and these just sound okay. For anyone who cares about sound quality, move right along and choose something none JLab.
these ear buds have amazing bass response for how small they are. they also provide great clarity to the high's , and the mids are amazing. the best part about these are that they provide an amazing seal. they also provide okay noise isolation when you're listening to music. but they can be a little bit uncomfortable at times. but overall these are amazing ear buds.
Got these via the JLabs grab bag promotion. They are super comfortable. Sound is clear. Sadly, bass is nowhere to be found. If you like EDM, hip hop, or Bootsy Collins, you might want to look elsewhere.
I love them. Good sound quality, well made. I use them to talk on the phone too. Gives you more freedom to multi-task.Only downside they didn't come with a case.
Not what I expected for jlab ... these buds just don't compare to other high-end earbudstheir ok but not Great
Wire connection to phone pulled out and now I get static on calls.  Poor quality for $25.00.  I would like them replaced.
Sounds great and comes with FOUR sizes of ear bud. I'll definitely be ordering a few more of these asap!
Great headphones. fits perfectly. perfect for gym, specially cardio. Sound is okay for price but definitely recommended for gym use.
i think ive had these for a couple of years. they were very good. i listen to music every day on the train, but i would not consider myself hardcore. i dont pay attention to equalizer settings, so these are may not be for the person who needs a certain level of bass or treble for certain music genres. i just needed them to get to and from work. i dont think they would be a good choice for working out because they will fall out of your ear. they died recently, mostly because i toss them everywhere and my daughter chews on them. but i would recommend them highly.
So my j3 earphones recently gave out (after almost a year of use) and i decided to replace them,, i saw these newer models j5 and decided to buy them $19 is a cheap enough price for good earphones . fast forward about two weeks of use and one of the sides started cutting off.don't buy these, try your luck with j3, if you take care of them they will last a while, not sure if i just got a faulty pair but these ones are garbage
After only three weeks of moderate use, one of the buds started to buzz. Just one, so it wasn't installed background white noise. It wasn't a problem with the jack connector that killed the sound; that was the previous pair that I had of an earlier model (now discont) owned's demise, after four and a half months use.The sound quality and comfort were lovely, it was all lovely.While it lasted.
Great fit with 3 sizes of ear plug, sturdy cord and great range of sound with great base, value purchase.
Very nice for the for the price. Has a really good feel in ear and not so bulky. I did not get the deep bass I expected but they still have a quality sound.
These JLab ear buds sound great and work well with my Galaxy S4 Active. They can produce deep, distortion-free bass and crisp highs. I like how they come with 4 different size tips.  You really can't go wrong for the price. I would have given 5 stars if they came with a carrying case like the comparable Skullcandy earbuds. Overall, I am pleased with my purchase.
While the headset looks sexy and fancy, it unfortunately only lasted 2 weeks of usage. One earbud no longer gives out any sound.I bought this as a gift to my son. Unfortunately, by the time my son get to use it, its already out of return period.Don't buy it if want something last more than 2 weeks.
Not quite 5 star but no issues to complain about. A really good set of headphones with mic for iphone.
I have had a number of earbuds, including some pretty expensive models, but the J5's are so awesome, don't sepend more than you have to on earbuds; these j5 model ones are terrific for the price.
light weight, tin can sound with a lot of static, I've gotten .99 cent earbuds that felt better to wear
I love use these earbuds. They help me out on a daily basis. They are very comfortable and quick and easy to use. Just plug it in and be safe!
Randomly received two of these in the latest JLab Grab Bag.At about $7.50/each they are well worth the money.However, if you're paying the full ~$20, then you have a lot to consider.The version that I have does not include a mic or volume controls.The sound quality is very good for the price that you would pay.Bass is very prevalent. Highs and mids are clear.These are much better in terms of build quality and sound in comparison to JLab JBuds or some of the OEM headphones that comes with smartphones today.Overall, a very good buy.
Last Three Weeks...By the time I realized something was wrong with them, I was out of Amazon return period. JLab warranty process was too frustrating, so ended up throwing these out sadly...wish MFR would reach out to me.
While the sound is ok on these earbuds with good bass and clear sound, they wont last long. I had them for 5 months and the left earbud is gone, no audio at all. Its hard for me to believe amazon will let these people put a 'list' price of 60 bucks on this junk. Its clearly not a quality product. Not worth the 20 bucks it sells for on amazon. Look somewhere else for better quality earbuds.
I've always had good experiences with jlabs. Their earbuds typically last me a couple years, which for the price is expected. I can't justify spending a lot more money on something that gets rolled up and thrown into your pocket/bag everyday.They sound great, comparable to my last couple pairs of j-3s. Only had them for a few weeks, so I can't comment on durability yet, but they do have the stress reliefs at each wire connection.
Originally the headphones I got had a defect because the play/pause/skip button came off after only one days use. The return was fast and easy to my convenience and it didn't even require the pair to be sent back (which I found to be a great return policy). The next pair sent however was defective as well because this very same button did not function at all this time. When filing this NEW claim for the REPLACEMENT pair, I was told to send back this pair and I would receive a new one. I was not given a "free shipping" method of sending them back and had to spend the minimum of $10 which I shouldn't have had to since it was jlabs fault to begin with. I didn't complain though, just sent them back only to recieve a completely different pair without the play/pause/skip button even on it. A totally different pair of headphones! Not the ones I originally paid for! Last week I spoke with a Julian about how this is the third problem (or first depending how you look at it that it is the same issue that has still not been solved) I've now had with jlab. He told me he would send a "free shipping" label this time for my inconvenience and the new pair would arrive by Saturday. I have not received anything in my spam/ or regular mail to send them back, however I DID just receive another pair that are correct, but the play/pause/skip button does not work with my iphone 5 (whereas the very first pair DID so I know it's not a comparability issue) I have avoided being the type bitch online with a negative review, but this company is proving to be incompetent. The sound the headphones put out is actually very good which is why I gave it 2 stars rather then 1, but come on, This is the FOURTH pair now and its STILL not working properly. There's a reason it's always marked down from $65 to $20
My j5 went through the laundry... Both wash and dry and they still work perfectly. These earbuds really are incredibly strong.
just average, nothing special, there are better ear phones on the market. Nice looking but sound is average compared to others.
Fits the ear well.  I had used the J3 previously and this is a much better fit.  It comes with several sizes of ear pieces.  The cable seems strong, but time will tell after I snag it on something, which is what happened to my J3.
A O K, got them for my husbands birthday, he loves them because they are soft and he can lye on them while listening to his favorite music.
The part that goes into your ears are extremely harrd and they broke sound went out of one ear. I am in the process of returning them as we speak.
I've gone through 3 pairs of these headphones. Granted my first pair came apart because I worked out with them, but even then I expected to material to hold up relatively well. It didn't, fine. Not all headphones are meant to be workout headphones. But I liked how light weight it was, how the ear buds fit, and the sound was great. But my second pair I treated very well, but at one point the actual speaker completely separated from its housing, a problem I've read a few others have had. So Jlab sent me replacements. Jlab for what its worth is really good about replacing your earbuds. Not even two days in, the left ear bud of my 3rd pair just started getting spotty connectivity. The music would just go in and out. Within two days! Even though Jlab will most likely send me a free replacement, it's not even worth the hassle anymore. I may go back to the J4's. They were heavy, but least they were durable.
still can't believe little ear buds like these produce great bass tones.  for the price these ear buds can handle all ranges especially the progressive metal music i exclusively use them for.  love em.
I gave these earbuds to my daughter for her birthday. They lasted a week before the right side stopped working. I bought them on the cyber Monday specials so now am I stuck with defective merchandise because of the lag in time from purchase to gifting.
After couple of hours a day, a few weeks in wire right at the jack the music started going on and off
They sounded great for the two weeks that they worked. Very lightly used and well taken care of yet the left earbud died with no warning. Luckily JLabs sent a new set or it would be one star, but already having trouble with the new pair and have only used them for an hour or so.
I had these on and they got caught on something minor and the cord ripped in two.  Threw them away and accepted the loss.  I guess blue tooth is the way to go.  The unit had good sound quality while they lasted.  Buy them at a reduced price and don't get attached to them.  They wont last!!
Only the left one worked was not satisfied at all & will never order this brand again!!  Don't order thes3!
You get great sound great comfort and a great price I love the choice of fun colors too. Buy extras your friends will want them
I have been using some low quality earbuds, so these J5M type are quite the Audio Upgrade. I have a LG 840G cellular and was hoping these would work for the music playing as well as toggle the answer button upon receiving calls, and it does perfectly. These J5M will not toggle next song, on my LG 840G though (not I-Phone) but the sound quality is very good. The comfort is there and these fit inside the ear nicely. I don't know why a warranty as these are so cheap as to be disposable.
I got this for using it at office but was disappointed and surprised to see that the scratchy nose from any touch or movement on the wire propagates to the ear bud. The noise is very annoying. I tried all the ear buds that came along with the headphone but all are same. Stop using it after 2/3 times ..
They have a better fit for smaller ears than the J2s (medium cushions were too big on the J2 and the small was too small--the medium is perfect on these).  Like many of the Jbuds line, eventually one side stops working.... but even though I use the earbuds for hours a day and perspire, etc. they tend to last at least six months on average,  so that's a REALLY long time for me to have a pair last.... I just took out a new pair as the last ones stopped working and ordered some more so I always have a pair on hand for when the old ones give out...
Work great for a little, super high end. Key is only for a while. After a few weeks, one side gave out and I am left with only one ear bud working now. But while they work and when they are new, they are some of the best headphones I have ever had.
These headphones sounded fine enough when they worked. I didn't have extremely high expectations for cheap earbuds anyway. But after about three months, the buds would alternate where one would work and one would not. Eventually they also would occasionally give me a shock. The earbuds say that they have a one year warranty, but you have to enter a code on JLab's website within six weeks of purchase, I think. Does anyone actually want to do that for a warranty? Yes, please, send me more spam emails :/Anyways, I would definitely not recommend these to anyone, even for the price.
These buds sound great! I've had a lot of ear buds over the years, and they always end up broken, so we'll see. I did register them on the JLabs website. The warranty is nice. The wires are pretty light gauge. I like heavier wires or a braided jacket on them. You just don't see that anymore. Anyways, 5 stars for the awesome sound and the warranty. This is the first ear buds I've had from JLabs, I will probably buy them again if they don't break right away.
Flimsy, no buttons for iPhone use. Buds seem like they'd fall out of ear, I returned mine before I even listened to them.
My daughter loves these, but lost one of the rubber earpieces and now can't use them, too bad I can't get replacements.
I have known a couple people to own J5 Earbuds and they swore by them, so when it came time to getting a new pair of earbuds these were the first to come to mind. Absolutely love them. Style, Quality, Price....EVERYTHING! Would have given 5 stars except when I ordered these I got 2 day shipping as I really needed a new pair quickly. When they arrived they were the Silver j5 earbuds and not the black/electric blue ones. Called to have a replacement sent out which amazon was very friendly and apologetic about the mistake. They treated me as a customer the way a customer should be treated when a mistake was made. Only draw back was it taking an additional 2 days to get the correct ones
I purchased as a gift based on ratings and my son says they are working quite well. I would recommend.
The sound was average and they broke in a week. I would not have wasted the money if I knew they were so poor quality.
I bought these as a present for my nephew.  He used them for one day and then the right ear bud stopped working.
THIS HAS BEEN A  GREAT ADDITION AND GOOD QUALITY TOO.  LISTEN TO MUSIC AND TAKE CALLS ON YOUR IPHONE FOR VERY LITTLE MONEY.
I enjoyed the sound with these earbuds, but I have only had them about 3 weeks and used them about 8 times, and the sound went out in the right earbud. I don't know if it is just a bad pair, but I am very unhappy they didn't last very long.
These are very comfortable and deliver great sound. They are very sound reducing too, much better than the ones you get with your ophone. They were on a black friday bargain and well worth it.
I've been a big fan of Jlab, they've always had great sound quality, build, and price. The Jbud 4's remain my favorite, they're a little heavier but very durable. The J5M's feel really nice, light and have great sound. They however are not really built to last. I tried using them as work out headphones, and they simply did not last. The in-ear part detached from the housing on one pair, the wiring got disconnected somehow in another pair (from just normal use, not gym use), and I'm currently on my third pair (I don't know why I keep going back to it), but I'm simply too afraid to take it around and put it through everyday use. I will say Jlab's warranty is amazing and they've always replaced my headphones, but at some point when is enough enough?
Within a month of purchase one of the buds died completely.  Considering they wouldn't stay in my ears when I ran, I was not heartbroken.
I use these earbuds-style headphones with my Kindle music.  They are pretty phenomenal---very small but they make the music sound like I am listening to a large stereo system.  Love the sound; comfort is good.  I would recommend them to anyone who wants to listen to their music on a small device.Oh, yes, I like that there is a color choice.  Matches my Kindle Fire cover.
I think the JLab-J5 Earbuds are the best deal for the money out there. The sound is great, quality is also super. The cables are Kevlar and reinforced for long life. I've had to replace mine only because my 6 month old Labrador Retriever is stronger than Kevlar and chewed the cables. Otherwise, I've had them for over two years with no problems.Take advantage of JLab's "Breakin" software on their site. You plug your earbuds into the headphone jack on your computer and start the program. It runs  your new earbuds through a wide variety of frequencies and sounds to break them in. There is a noticeable difference after break-in.
I've had more than a few pairs of the JBuds J5. I love the way they fit, they've got great sound quality, and even though they are less expensive than some of the other brands, I don't feel like I'm sacrificing quality (sound or otherwise). I use them for running, working at my desk, and I have a pair with an in-line mic for my phone.The life span on these is about a year. My experience is that at around a year of use (not abuse) they almost always lose sound in just one of the sides. It's annoying, but given the price, I'll keep buying them.
I got this pair of earbud for my daughter as her Christmas gift. The earbud was fairly well constructed with nice angled phone plug connector. After two months, the earbuds started to exhibit connection problem, and the sound came on and off depending how you move the wire near the connector. Luckily, these earbuds are still under warranty.I am a pretty loyal JLab customer. I got my first pair of JLab J4 in 2011 and really liked the ruggedness. Since then, I recommended J4 to my friends and bought two more J4 in 2012. In total I own three J4, one J4M, one J3M and one J5. Four out of 6 exhibited some kind of defect after several months. Fortunately, they were covered under the warranty. Nevertheless, I still need to pay shipping fees to send products in for replacement. As much I love JLab products, its product reliability is really spotty.You will not be disappointed by the JLab product, especially the more rugged one like J4/J4M, but be prepared to deal with warranty process. I would avoid earbud with slim wire like J4M though.
Out of the box use was great, good sound, good options, good thick cord and beefed up joints.These became my daily work out/ in office ear buds, a good 2-5 hours of use most daysBut 3 months in, the right bud broke, so I cut it off and just used the one bud, but now 4 months later it has died.They didn't even last a year :(I would buy another pair but I would want them to last at least a year.4 stars for pretty good product, 1 star due to breaking
Not what I expected based on the reviews and price.  I would suggest going less expensive for the same value or moving up to the next level of price range of brands.
I purchased these for about $11 during an Amazon lighting deal in Dec 2013.  I thought it was a good deal at about half-price.  Little did I know these would only half-work.
These are great headphones for the price. I gave a couple as gifts and they were apreciated. Quality of the microphone is good too
These headphones are awesome. Headphones usually last me 5-8 months. I had a pair of these headphones and they only lasted me a year (the left earbud stopped working) BUT these headphones are by far the best bang for your buck. The sound is dope, the price is cheap, and these are the most durable headphones I have ever owned. I left these in my bathing suit by accident on vacation and swam in a pool for 2 hours. Later I was upset because I like these headphones, but I only found out they still worked! These same headphones went through the wash without a scratch or any difference in sound. If I didn't swim with them and wash them, they probably would have lasted far longer than only 1 year, but my point is, for the price these are the best headphones on the market
I got these after my old ones broke, but out of the box the right earbud didn't work. I sent an email to them, and they responded quickly and sent me another pair! After this i get them and the left earbud occasionally works if i stay really still which is hard to do while gaming or even listening to music.Good headphones but got unlucky... twice
For some reason when I put these on it creates a suction in my inner ear which is rather painful. Other than that they're nice.
These lasted a whopping six weeks before the jack connection broke apart.  Sound was good but not worth it for six weeks of use.
Ordered it because of the reviews and my old ones broke (only 1 side works) but the right side doesn't work :(
Like the sturdy construction of the speakers. The soft pliable ear jackets that comes with them to make sure you get a comfortable fit also helps to cancel out back ground noise. I also notice that I don't have to keep repositioning the speakers while wearing them. Sound quality is very good. To make sure you get the longevity out of them I suggest buying the case for added protection.
What can I say? They sound great. Good highs and deep lows. They're really good for the money and I would recommend them. I just wish they had a volume adjuster but you can't get everything at this price point
Great product for a great price!Pros:* Leave the headphones out for a second and the metal gets all cold, put them in and it feels great.* The audio quality is great, I've used them for a few weeks and the audio quality hasn't faded a bit.* Look and feel great!Con:* The microphone seems to act up from time to time and I can't always use it in calls (Why they lost a star.)
I bought these on sale, paid like 20 dollars for them. Good for 20 dollars but not great. Crapped out on me after a few months or so, felt a tad cheap. Sound quality was meh, but you get what you pay for I suppose. I just wish that they'd last more than a few months without the left side failing.
The J5's are really amazing. I got my first pair about 2 years ago and LOVED them! For the price they are very nice, have good durability, and sound great. I liked having so many different colors to choose from.You have to remember that these are only 20 dollar headphones, so don't expect crazy good quality that you find after shelling out a few hundred dollars. But at the same time don't be fooled because they will still blow you away! I was amazed how nice they sounded for 20 bucks. You can't buy a nicer pair of headphones for the cost. I didn't have any problems putting them into my ear or anything.They are very durable. I don't beat my headphones to death, but I don't treat them like a fragile antique either. I used my first pair for a solid six months and I didn't have the slightest problem until one day the right earbud went out completely. I have no idea why but it just stopped working. I contacted JLab, and they sent me a brand new pair of J5's in any color I wanted for free! They were extremely easy and nice to deal with. I didn't have to send in the broken pair and wait before I could get new ones. I was jamming with some new J5's within  a week of my first pair breaking!I had my second pair for at least 6 months before I unfortunately lost them. I will say that I had zero problems with my second pair and they actually went through my washer and dryer on accident at least once. I had no idea until afterwards, but they still worked perfectly.I really enjoyed my J5's and was astonished at the excellent customer service that JLab provided. Great company with cheap, yet spectacular headphones for the price. JLab is the way to go.
Great sound for the price. Good bass and ok mids good highs. Will be another pair for a back up.
Needed new earbuds so I found and ordered.While I waited I purchased an cheap pair to use until I received these.  They were here in 2 days and they are awesome.  Didn't even need the cheap pair.  Thanks for a good product and quick shipping.
JLab is the only brand that I use to listen to music, and especially audio books on my Samsung Galaxy Player (an iPod Touch like device). You can't go wroing with JLab earbuds. They have consistently excellent quality.
Not worth the money they worked great for about two days and then the sound started cutting out now they're completely useless
5 stars!!! Worth the money... this thing is very durable.The sound is really good for the price. Highly recommend!
Sound quality is decent, but they don't stay in the ear. Good for phone calls, but not great for an audiophile.
I've used the headphones in quiet and noisy environments and found the sound quality to be great but have had complaints from people I'm on the phone with that I sound garbled.  I am now using them solely for listening to music and feel they are a great item for the price.  I would purchase them again with the understanding they are for audio only.  I did NOT purchase them at full price and would have been very satisfied if I had spent much more then the 26.00 I paid for them.  If you want audio headphones....great purchase, looking for a handsfree for your phone....move on and consider other options.
Tried several small bud models before. Just didn't sound good or fit good until now. Really happy with this one. Great price too
son loves it,especially the firm, loud bass,well finished pair, have lasted the first few months,quite a good set.
I used these headphones in the gym for three weeks and for no reason the right ear bud stopped working.
These seemed like great headphones.  My daughter loved them.  They had a good weight to the earpieces and she told me they had excellent sound.  They appeared to be well made as the cord had reinforcements at the plug, the "Y" where the cord spits and at the earphones.  The earbuds were made from metal and the rubber ear seals fit well and came in enough sizes to get a custom fit.However, with all of that being said, the left earbud has now blown.  If you've ever heard a blown speaker, you know what it sounds like.  My daughter does not listen at extreme levels.  I have a limit set on her iPhone so she can't turn the volume above a parent controlled level.  We even followed the "burn in" procedure specified on the JLabs website.  Yes, there is a specific procedure - they even have a sound file you can download to perform the burn in - which takes 20 hours.Unfortunately, with the rush of Christmas, I neglected to register the earbuds and we have misplaced the envelope that has the serial number required.  It's too late to return to Amazon and I can't return to JLabs because they aren't registered.I'm just glad I didn't pay over $20 for these.  Guess I'll keep looking for something that will actually last.  No more JLabs products for me…I'm voting with my feet.  Customer service was ZERO help - basically if your didn't register - they don't care - at least the rep I talked with.  She had a "salty" attitude to say the least and almost seemed to enjoy denying me any help.
I got these beds on sale. The buds fall out of my ears very easily (this doesn't happen with other buds I use) and the sound in one of the buds is a tad muffled. Would send back, but it isn't worth the trouble.
I bought these headphones almost a year ago now, and they have been nothing but fantastic until now. Now every time i use them i am in constant pain. Somehow static electricity is building up in these and shocking the inside of my ears. It makes them completely unusable. It happens when using my ipod, my computer or anything else i connect them to.Its a real shame because these sound fantastic.
I really enjoyed the noise canceling, and the sound quality was excellent.However, after 2 weeks, there was no sound coming out of one of the ear buds.  I returned it and got a replacement, and the same thing happened with a second set.  I think it's a connection problem because if I jiggle the wire sometimes it will work briefly.Anyhow, going to get a different set of ear buds.
I found these earbuds on sale so I figured it was worth a try.  I really didn't like the way they felt in my ear, and the sound is not that good.
I am really happy with these.  They are never tangled and always have good quality sound. I liked them so much I ordered two more.
I buy jlab all the time. Not only are they timely but the warranty is fabulous. Good for running because they stay in your ears.
Bought these for my Dad for a gift and they seem to be working well so far. They are definitely on the cheaper end of quality but can't pass up the price when these get ruined so quickly and frequently anyway in his workouts, no matter the quality.
They're alright. I would recommend these for anyone who doesn't want to pay for a Skull Candy of Beats. Good headphones, descent price but an alright sound quality.
I've liked my Jlabs and this is the third pair owned. Cord durability is better with these than prior J3 models as the cords appear to be better reinforced at the ends.  As to sound quality for the price they can't be beat. Way surpass any others in the price range once broken in and that's key to any earbuds.  Must break them in properly and these do not disappoint on either side bass or treble are both clean and midrange is solid.  I wish they came with a case but for the price can't complain.
I've always loved all the Jbuds I've tried. But these J5 buds are probably my new favorites. Great full sound in a compact earbud. Nice solid feel in the cord and plug. Great marked down price on Amazon.Edit_ Now I know why the price keeps going down on these great sounding buds (now down to 9.99 I see). After only a couple weeks of use, one of the buds suddenly quit working for no apparent reason. I figure, well, stuff happens, and order another pair. ONE WEEK!! One week is all I sadly get out of this pair. Guess I need to try a different brand. Bye bye Jbuds. You're not going to screw me again.
Base in not that bad. Sound is as usual good. Fine headphones . Microphone works okay . Had many colors to choose
Unlike so many other earbuds, these just don't fall out.  They sit comfortably without having to rearrange them.  The sound is clear and dynamic, and their ability to be used when at the gym make them my favorites.
I don't know if I'm doing something wrong here... but when I wear these, the slightest motion sends so much noise into my ears that I find myself sitting neath the Bodhi tree, motionless. Also, they really do create a crazy suction in the ears, which is probably good if you're in motion, but I can't be in motion with these!On the plus side, they seriously block out background noise.
My daughter loves them and the sound is great!  I can be sitting right beside her and can't hear the music she's playing.
Dude, there are like a 1000 people singing in those tiny little things. I recommend them to anyone with ears.
You can have good in-ear headphones with crisp sound and a powerful base. The cable stiffness is a source of noise itself, since it vibration can be quite disturbing while you are on the move, but I had this problem with all the in-ear headphones I have used so far. The price is one of the main highlights, as long as the Amazon offer is active. The listed price is far too high for this quality.Btw, this applies only to the GREY/GRAPHITE headphones! I also tried the black ones and, although they have the same model name and look in the pictures, the actual technical characteristics are different. And the graphite ones sound way better than the black ones.
The Jlabe earbuds were just as described and the product arrived promptly and well packaged. I will order again! I sleep with them in and they are very comfortable.
These are the best in ear headphones I have ever owned. The noise cancelation is superb. So far it is durable. I have yet to find anything wrong with it.
He liked the different size ear pieces, so he could pick the one that was most comfortable for him. He said they are loud.
Nice earphones. They are having very good sound quality and fits well in our ears no matter the size of the ear buds
mic and headset came as advertised, distorts when on full blast which i guess is expected, fits well and came with extra ear buds.
These headphones work well: the sound quality is good (not excellent of course), and the microphone works well. It is quite durable as well. In every aspect, it is much better than the Samsung galaxy headphone that I purchased. The only problem is that microphone is too far from the mouth. You have to find a way to bring it to your mouth
Never had an issue with these and I've had them going on five years. This little babies get me through the day with my music and that's all I wanted! Crisp, clear sound and sits in my ear perfectly. :)
I got these for my son and he says there are just (OK); I tried them and to me the sound is good. They appear to be well made.
these things sound pretty good. i dont thnk you would be disapppinted. But..if u already have or had some top of the line..you may not like. Hey...i like them.
Have had these for about 5 months now. I also own a pair of J3's and J2's and bought these mainly because of the inline mic. I keep them in 2-3 hours a day most days. The metal housing is quite compact making them fit extremely comfortably in my ears. I am not an audiophile so can only say that the vocal clarity and bass exceed that of similarly priced earbuds that I have tried from other companies. The mic also appears to perform well, at least according to folks on the other end. I deducted one star because the left earbud recently failed on me. I was hoping for greater longevity. At least JLab has a fairly straightforward RMA system and customer service responded quite quickly (within 24 hours) over email when I had a question about the return. I have not received the replacements yet, but hopefully will get more mileage out of them since I do really enjoy using this model.
The ear pieces do not fit very well, I have tried several of the sizes and they fall out. Does not work well with my iPhone, breaks up!
I hadn't found earbuds that I liked until I came across this set of JBuds. Very comfortable and great sound.
Seeing as I go thru headphones like candy, these do just fine by me.  While not as good as the Sony brand, these are a good set of earbuds.  Earbuds seem to work better for me than regular headhpones.
Great sound, I love it. Clear an clean no distortion. The color match my cellphone.Loud and crisp to enjoy for hours.
I really like these.  I was having trouble with my previous headphones falling out of my ears.  These came with several size buds and the one size fits perfectly.  The sound is great as well.
I love the sound on these. Paid $25 for them. It comes with 8 rubber cups for a better fit. Turns out one of my ear canals is small than the other, so this came in handy. The snug fit gives them some noise canceling properties. I got these for exercising with my iPhone, and so far, they stay in my ears, even when the sweat starts rolling in.
Out of the package only one bud worked with no sound coming from the other. Even the one that worked sounded so bad that I'm not up for a reorder.
I like the sound these put out, it is better than other units I have tried in this price range. There is one issue though that is a complete deal killer. The cord generates static electricity that is released through the metal ring that joins the two halves of the bud together. The result is getting shocked just inside of my ear constantly while wearing it. It feels like I'm getting stung in my ear by a bug. When my current buds break I may bring these out again with some tape to insulate them.
Bumping the cord produces a stethoscope type echo that reverberates into the earbuds. Every time the cord dragged across my clothes or bumped into something I could hear it. I contacted JLab and got a replacement that was no better than the first so I threw them away.
This is my third pair of JBuds.  I love their comfort in the ear, and the fantastic sound after the short break-in period.  The first pair broke after three years of heavy duty use.  I still have my second pair and bought this pair to use with my I-Phone, my other pair has no mic.All-in-all, a good product at a very good price.
I have used JLab earbuds for several years now.  They are the best for comfort and the sound quality is great.
They don't work from the moment my daughter opened them on Christmas morning. So will be returning them. Unhappy purchase
The first pair I received one of the ear buds did not function, fist annoyance. Once I had a pair that worked I noticed the following qualities:Pros:  Good construction, nice weight and fine sound, when they stayed in my earsCons:  Impossible to keep in your ear if you like to move your head. I suppose if you were wearing these while hastening the embrace of death they may be suitable.  This is my biggest complaint as I usually wish to use earbuds while moving my head as it is an action i do quite often.  Head phones will not stay connected to most devices. they pop out on the slightest touch when in an ipod touch or HTC smartphone. the female end is poorly constructed.I suppose these are fair to poor headphones for the price they are in. while they do sound better than the 10 dollar target ones it is next to impossible to hear them as they dangle from your chest.there has to be a better option in this price range than these as they truly suck.
For the price I was able to purchase these they were worth every penny.For $16.00 ear buds they have excellent sound. These aren't professional quality by no means but I definitely got what I needed/ wanted for working around the house and for work. They do a good job of blocking ambient sounds and have good, deep but not overpowering bass. They sound better then any I have purchased at double the price even a couple at triple the price.
Lasted over a whole year before the cable started to crap out...Worth every penny in my opinion.Sound quality isn't really an issue when you're spending this much on earbuds right?
They  serve my needs very well and at a very fair price. Grand kids really like them, mike seems to work well.
The difference between these and my J3Ms is that these have a more sleek design as well as more durable protective covers at the jack, the headphone split, and the cord attachment to the audio piece.  The sound quality is standard to the JLab products, which is great.  They don't come with the little case like some of the other JLab headphones do.
This is my second set of JLab JBuds J5 Metal Earbuds Style Headphones.I was so impressed by the price vs functionality ratio of these headphone the first time that I bought a second set for my wife. It works like a charm, has excellent playback quality and comes with a number of earplug size alternatives. I registered both of my plugs on line at the JLab site and used their site to burn-in the ear-plugs.Love them.
Ordered these twice. Both times the right ear bud was defective, producing zero sound. Not going to buy these again.
I really wanted to like these headphones. They sounded great at first and I thought they would be a great higher-quality alternative for the stock headphones that come with the iPhones. First, since the button is an external button (an outie, not an innie) if you keep it attached to your phone like I like to, it will constantly play music or make phone calls in your pocket because it gets pressed just by sitting down, standing up, taking it out of your pocket, etc. Second, the button stopped working about 1 1/2 months after purchase. It wouldn't play music, pause music, and it wouldn't go to voice control when held down. So I would place calls with the phone screen, and just use the microphone to speak into, and that stopped working as well. The time to return it has passed, so I just ordered the stock iPhone headphones. Unfortunately not a good product.
I was very exited to get these earphones cause I really liked the J3's that I used to have a few years ago, however after about a week the left side just stopped working and no sound comes out of it... I wasn't even rough with these earphones, I went out of my way to be extremely gentle with them and was surprised to find that it was not functioning properly today.....I am sad :-(
Great earbuds. Comfy, crazy good sound quality, and solid all-around range. They can be a biiiit bass heavy at high volumes, but that's just how I like it.
I bought these as a gift for my sister for Christmas, and I will say that there were many out there with better reviews and such, however these are the ones she wanted. The sound quality is ok, we will see how they are working after a few months. Not bad for the price.
These were good earbuds for the price. I got them for my daughter and she loved them. You could order them with confidence and feel your getting your moneys worth.
I picked these up for less than 15 dollars and for that price they are great but any higher and I would probably buy something different.
My friend recommended these to me because they provided quality sound equivalent to other more expense brands, but are way more reasonable. I a very satisfied with my purchase, but the earbud covers did fall off. I guess thats why they give you extras.
The left earbud stopped working immediately. That's really all I have to say. Otherwise the sound quality I enjoyed for about 10 minuets was wonderful. And they fit perfectly in my ears and the clip that it came is a great idea to keep something from pulling the earbuds out. I honestly think I just got a faulty product. I was going to send them back but then my new puppy found them useful to chew on.
These showed up not working.  Also, I purchased these as a "special deal" through amazon for 17.99.  Less than a month later they are less.  This makes me think amazon is putting things up as a special deal when in fact the price is elevated.  So, my special deal headphones were at a higher price than normal.  I'm now experiencing the joy of trying to find something to package these back up and send 'em back.  All of this for a 16.23 item that I paid 17.99 for as a special deal from Amazon.  I'll be cancelling Prime and shopping in stores where I can try things out first.  I realize of course that amazon will review this and not allow it to be posted but I tried to use the amazon.com/feedback and of course this item was not there for me to review...all my other purchases but not this one.  DONE WITH YOU GUYS!
These are crazy strong noise cancelling, which is great because I work in a cubicle. My coworkers often stand right behind me struggling to get my attention when I have them on. I also use them for video conferencing with my computer, which is very convenient.
Ordered one during Cyber Monday sale but got a DOA. I have to jiggle the 3.5 mm jack to hear sound coming from my stereo,MP3 player or smartphone.
These buds are the perfect work-out buds.  They manage to stay clean, stay in my ears while running for several miles, and channel my music excellently.  They are also comfortable to wear.  I would purchase again.
Broke after a couple of months of use. Used them mainly to workout with. They have a great sound for the price, but I lost sound in one ear.
The sound quality was ok, but the fit did not work for me, none of the inculded tips fit properly in my ear.  Also when I had these in, if I moved around or talked the buds would click in my ear which got very frustrating and made it almost impossible to use these with my phone.
I got these earbuds in 05/2011 as a gift and have used them at least 1 hour day 6 day a week.  The right bud died today, left side still works normally.  They show no wear and tear. No matter what size tip I put on the earbud I still find myself pressing it back into place but I do that with all in-ear buds.
Best earbuds you can buy. Highly recommend them to anyway interested in low cost high quality ear buds. Texture is nice as well.
The earbuds met my expectation for comfort and sound quality. I only pet peeve is the cable. When you move the cable while the buds are inserted, noise is generated which can be heard when music is played a low volume.
I love this headphones but the sound could be better and have better clarity but I love it. the bass is good.
awesome non better!!!!!6*891.a2.ayou can not get better quality or a better company than JLABS!imoBuy these head PHONES or your crazy!
These phones have an extremely uneven frequency-response. There is quite a lot of chord-scrape noise. They are not very sensitive either.I had hoped to use them on both the desktop computer and the Android phone. Instead, I bought a pair of Sennhieser IE4 earphones for the computer, and I am very happy with them. I installed an equalizer ap on the phone in an attempt to flatten the response of the JBuds, but with indifferent results.Two stars rather than the minimum because they are small and comfortable.
I have 3 pairs of these headphones. That alone should speak volumes on the quality the possess. I have tried more expensive models from Denon, Sony, Etymonics, and JBL and none have the sound quality or build quality of these units. I have a silver pair in my car a blue pair at the office and now the sneaker head color at home. I became tired of having to use sub-par headphones at each location and now I don't have to. The noise blocking ability of the sealed design is tremendous. Great on flights or in other areas with high background noise. The pair I've owned the longest shows little wear and still works as well as the new pair I just got. Can't speak highly enough of these.
These have great sound quality and feel really comfortable.  I have had to settle for over the ear headphones and this is the first set of earbuds that didn't bother me after 10 minutes of use.  Very satisfied.
comfortable, noise reducing earbud.  Durable, with a good quality sound.  Priced at a mid range earbud makes it a good quality buy.
Mine came defective, missing the button on the mic unit. and the right side's volume is significantly lower than the left.  This is not my first JLab's product, I first purchased the J3 Buds when it first came out in 2010. and they were great at first, but failed (no volume from one side) within 9 months.  I got a replacement from JLabs promptly, but the replacement also failed within 7 months (same issue as previous pair).  At that point I decided to give other manufactures a try.  But JLab's JBuds came with 4 sizes of the silicone where as others only come with 3 sizes.  I came back to JLabs because of it, it gives me the best fit. Oh, and it's customer service I guess, No hassles warranty claim.  However, Its disappointing to receive a defective product out of the box.
I didn't expect much for a $20 pair of headphones but I was just looking for something to use in the car so i didnt have to hold my phone or use my bluetooth. Very disappointed in the product. The reviews were pretty good but after the first week of using them I could only hear sound in one side and the sound would short out off and on. I wish I would have kept the original packaging so I could send them back as they are useless to me at this point.
Burn-in:theses sound good for the money and include different size tips to fit your ears. make sure to break them in for at least 60hrs to properly burn them in. i found that they achieved good sound after about 40 hrs, but optimal sound quality after 75 hrs of burn in. if you have no idea what iam talking about then i recommend you first visit their website, ([...] and follow the simple directions, then do some research on the internet to catch up.Sound Quality:overall they sound really good with all varieties of music. i use the sound equalizer on my phone to bring out the highs and round out the bass. so for the money they sound great.if an audiophile then you will most likely find these flat in the highs with the mids in the background and the bass sounding murky. especially if you are not using an equalizer to curve the sounds to your likings. however i was able to tune these buds to make them sound pretty good. honestly i was surprised at how much bass these could handle and with proper tunning i got a rich experience.although id rather recommend the "Sennheiser CX 300B MK II" for almost the same price range! those have much better sound curves and produce a clearer more precise sound out of the box with No equalizer. (burn-in mode still required)Sound Isolation:considering the cost of theses and with a proper fit using the including tips, id have to say at a medium low volume they do very well at blocking out most of outside sounds. the one draw back is if it is very windy then you will have to increase the volume to compensate.Build Quality:these where my second pair to purchase the J5M. the first ones lasted extremely well. i used them from daily music listening, playing games on my android (LG-D800), yard work and riding my bike/skateboard. with that in mind i can say i never had an issue with thses wiggling out of my ears and they are extremely comfortable.... however my second pair only lasted a few months before the left ear piece started to have a crackling sound followed by some intermittent static. shortly afterwards the left ear piece stop working completely... lame to say the least. my first pair i could have completely understood if they died after a few months with the heavy usage and hardship i put them thru. but my second pair was more of a back up and didnt last long with hardly any use.unfortunately my second pair were out of the return range and ended up being a trash give away.i reluctantly purchased a third pair as they where on sale in the $14 range and figured i should  try one last time at this price. ...i chose a different color and was sorry i ordered them. about 2 weeks after i got them they acted exactly the same way as my previous second pair with the exception of this time it was the right ear channel acting up. I immediately sent them back and Big A refunded everything including shipping and tax. thanks as usually Amazon.Other Thoughts:i noticed the second and third pair had the microphone and call button on the right ear channel, where as the very first pair i had originally owned, the microphone and call button was on the left ear channel. this may seem an unhelpful detail, but it does show that they changed their manufacturing processes since my first purchase and it might be an indication of why the build quality went down hill, or maybe i just got unlucky. ??
Great sound and volume! Easy fit, love the color. Soft and flexible. Made a great Christmas gift for old or young!
Good sound and high quality, durable material and brings several adapters to use the one that best fits in your ear
You pay for what you get.  This pair of headphones is pretty good.  Obviously you aren't paying for high end headphones, so don't expect the best sound, but it makes for a great cheap pair.  The only issue I have with these is that people on the other end have a hard time hearing me when I use this with my phone.
I bought these as a part of a Cyber Monday sale, and the sound quality wasn't great. I figured, becuase they were on sale, that was fine. But then the wuality just got worse and worse. the sound quality comes switched from good to bad and back all the time, and its almsot never possible to hear the vocal track if the song has ANY instruments over it.
got these for my girl and she is head over heals!!... got the one with Mic so she can use while on the go... very stylish, neat, small and appreciated for her ears.. she loves music and she got rid of her dumb stock phone headphones
I tried to use a pair of these earbuds in conjunction with my Samsung S3 phone. While the sound quality was excellent when it worked, rotating the plug while it was in the phone resulted in either hearing some static or the sound cutting out entirely. It was sufficiently sensitive to this that I can not listen to a single song using these earbuds while walking with my phone in my pocket.Potentially, this problem might only apply to my particular model of phone. A small length of the metal on the audio plug was still visible, even after being fully inserted into the phone, so perhaps the plug simply happened to be too long for my phone. Whatever the cause, I could not use these earbuds.
I used these earbuds while prepping in the kitchen. I bought them because they came with a button on the wire to pause my music. This proves to be very helpful when my manager is trying to grab my attention while I'm in the middle of listening my books. I also liked that they came with a clip, so I could attach them to my chef jacket without worrying about them flopping around. They worked fine for the first two days, but then suddenly the right ear bud stopped working.Amazon is shipping me a replacement pair. Hopefully they last a bit longer.
I am a choosy person and these buds just kill it. These buds punch above their weight in sound quality for the price and are well designed in every other way as well. Can't go wrong with these.
The sound in these headphones are amazing. Deep bass and clear sound. Especially nice seal with the ear to cancel out any outside noise.Unfortunately they are very poor build quality. Of my three pairs, all were defective after 6 months. One ear bud stopped working in a matter of weeks. Also the warranty is spotty. I purchased from their site for my first ones, then got a replacement OK. Then my third pair I bought again from Amazon, attempted to claim warranty and it appears that my email was simply ignored. I'm now listening to one good ear bud and one that is full of crackling sounds.
Buds were a surprise at how well the quality of the sound is, though compared to lower priced buds from JBL, sound quality is only marginally better.  Also have J3 and sound quality is about the same.
Great buds for the money. Nice base and the 3 different sized covers was nice. I would buy these again.
These headphones are great, I use them all the time.  Good sound, nice fit, fairly good at reducing ambient sound.This is my second pair of JLAB headphones, I was more than happy to buy the second pair after the first wore out.  I would definitely buy these again and recommend them to anyone.  They also come in fun colors, I've gotten several compliments on that alone.
I thought the earbuds were great, but had to return them, since they didn't fit my iPod. They would be great for anything BUT iPod, since Apple has only proprietary products and one can ONLY use Apple in an iPod.
The cat ate my daughter other ear buds and she loves these more then those . She loves the sound
Luv them, the color, they are sturdy and easy to carry. I like to put behind my neck. The sound is so great even when I turn the volume low quality of still awesome.
I like these a lot because they are fairly durable and a reasonable price.  Pick them up when they're on sale and they're perfect for a set of spares for work or the gym.
The low pitch is doing very well, but the definition is not good, but when the movement there will be noise, I did not use it
These headphones are great. The sound quality is good, the mic works well. They're loud when they need to beMinus one star  because they don't stay in my ears as well as my last headphones do. Even after adjusting the buds.
The left earbud started to emit a buzzing noise three days after I started using them. The sound quality of these buds is decent. The weight of the buds also makes them prone to falling out of your ears.
JLab earbuds are simply the best. I use them with my Android phone, my Ipad2, and with my PC. You can hear the entire sound range from the lows, mids, and highs very clearly. The cord thickness is outstanding, you can feel the quality. And the offset connector with the reinforced rubber grip is outstanding as well. There's no need to be extravagant or waste money and buy $100.00 ear buds... JLabs gives you outstanding sound quality and durability at an affordable price. And if you take care of them and don't abuse them, you won't have any problems.
Again, the bass is heavier than I like but quality is not bad.  However, the right earbud stopped working after a month and a half.  Fortunately, JLab has an awesome, awesome customer support and after I proved the purchase order/date, they replaced within a week!  For $17 (price @ this time), it is definitely worth trying out and listening to!
I have ordered these on three different occasions. No I was not unhappy at all; rather I just gave them to all my grandkids and they are still using them and never had any problem with them at all. Excellent sound reproduction and excellent value. You can buy much more an expensive item, but these work very well and we have had no issues at all with them. I will buy them again if I need to. Great Product!!
I am hard of hearing. With the JBuds and my Kindle Fire HD I can understand almost every thing the first time I here it. What a great surprise that is.
The sound is much better than any of the stock earphones/earbuds I've had. So listening to music with these is a joy. The mic though was disappointing. I've done some video chats with them, and the volume level that the mic picks up is lower than average, much inferior compared to the ThinkPad earbuds (Lenovo ThinkPad Headphones Mini Phone 57Y4488
The left speaker started cutting out the 3rd time I used them...and completely broke during that use. They look physically fine, which leads me to believe they must use some shoddy internal wiring. Absolutely ridiculous they would break these easily after only a few light uses.Headphones were never transported or coiled up....simply left them on my desk in between the few times I used them.Buyer beware. Avoid this company.
Update: 7/15/14These ear buds are still going strong.  They get used several times a week for trips to the gym and just sitting at my desk listening to music.  I would definitely recommend these to anyone who's looking for quality ear buds on a budget.This is the third JLabs product I've purchased and I will admit, I am a big fan of their products.  I purchased the J5's because they dropped in price to around $16 and I decided to give them a try.  I had been using the J3's for several months and I wanted to upgrade due to price, not necessity.  I still use the J3's with my iPad, but that's a separate review.I really like the J5's.  The sound coming out of these $16 ear buds is absolutely incredible.  I was really happy with the J3's, but to me, the J5's are in a class all their own.  I am no audiophile, but for the first time, I've heard small details in music I've heard for years, from a background guitar track to richer harmonies in vocals.  It's hard to explain, but to me, it's like watching one of your favorite movies on Blu-Ray for the first time.  You notice the sharpness and clarity more than ever before.  I listen to a lot of different types of music, and everything sounds fantastic, even those older CD's that haven't been re-mastered since their initial release.If you're in the market for an excellent pair of ear buds and don't want to spend an insane amount of money on them, then the J5's are for you.  I highly recommend these to anyone.
These are just exactly as advertised. The bass and treble make for great sounds. They block out loud noise better than I expected. The price is phenomenal.
I could not wait to get my Jbuds J5M, heard so much about them and was in dyer need of new ear-buds headphones.  First thing I did when I got them is pull out my previous headsets and plug my Jbuds in and oopps ! where's the great sound, where's the great sound and quality, perhaps I have the wrong ear plugs, tried the large ones, better but now when I move around, the cord hitting on my chest or collar creates a "thump" every time, something I did not feel with my previous headsets.  I listened to it all the way home and put them back in the package they came in and went back to my old set.  Good thing they were on special, not a big loss but but a big disappointment.
These earbuds only worked for one day. Then of them shorted out. So if not for them shorting out they probably would be some good earbuds
Great sound, awesome price, microphone works great, durable when riding my motorcycle at speeds well above the speed limit.  Highly recommend. I have three.
The sound is amazing and the buds feel great in my ears. They are strong and flexible without being cumbersome.
This is my go-to headphone. The music quality is good and it serves well as a headset for the telephone and doesn't eat power like a bluetooth set. Inexpensive and reliable.
This is my second pair of J5s and bought them again because the sound was superior with my first pair. Durability was an issue though, the first barely lasted just over a year. This second pair has been really disappointing. I put them in and was excited to listen to Pretty Lights and all these other trap artists, and it was like, huhhh?! Something was missing! Clearly not the same quality as the one I had before at all, major disappointment. Bass isn't punchy at all, it is probably just as bad as the earphones that came with my Android phone, an afterthought. I'm gonna find another pair :(
These work ok. The person I bought  them for does not like the feel of the buds in his ear. He wishes that they were more like the Apple earbuds
Most earbuds are the ear-canal type.  Why are these popular??  They are uncomfortable and the quality of sound is not good.  I am not upset, just disappointed.
One earbud is non-functional. Seems like a loose connection. The item was never exposed to any abuse. Maybe it was a lemon.I'm improving my rating on this item due to the good customer support from the manufacturer. I contacted JLabs and they are sending me another unit no questions asked, no return required which is nice since I'm in Venezuela.
I'm surprised that the earbuds are still working after many months! I'm used to the earbuds losing sound over time, but my J5M still function really well. I love the thick wires and the L-shaped jack. I would definitely buy these again if mine stop working. I previously owned some $100 Etymotic Research earbuds but those just stopped working after 6 months. I think the J5M have much more value at $25 (when I purchased). The sound quality is good (note: I am not an audiophile). It isn't noise-cancelling or noise-isolating, but one of their included tips fit well enough into my ear that it muffled most sounds. I can definitely listen to music on a loud subway train without maxing the volume. I also noticed that I do not hear the usual static sounds when I walk with these headphones on.
I dont have any cons... I love them! Pros are nice ausio quality, nice surrounds sound, nice bass, and great mic too!
I bought these in another color...great product.  I get this set and it shorts out in both of my MP3 players and is generally a piece of garbage.  They aren't even made the same!!!  Why would you sell two different products for the same price and under the same label if they are different or different versions?? Amazon really dropped the ball on this one.
Was looking for earbuds I could wear while sleeping (next to the loudest snorer in the world). These fit the bill. They come with a variety of silicone pads, and I chose the smallest size for my tiny ear openings. They are relatively comfortable while sleeping, and stay in pretty well (I do need to re-adjust them from time to time). Sound quality is pretty good. I would say these would also work well for active exercise use. Not sure how they do at sound BLOCKING, since I play a snore-sound-cancelling program on these.
I usually get the j2 but these are worth the extra cost. Sound is great, nice color, they are durable
I have been a fan of JLab earbuds for a while, but this one seems to indicate defective manufacturing. I like using them on planes due to the passive noise cancellation from the ear pads, but on a 20hour flight that I specifically bought hear for two weeks ago, the metal tip at the end of the plug busted off in the jack located at my seat.  I had used them for less than one hour.  Very unhappy with this as this was a brand I had used for the last few years.
Sound quality is fantastic. Stylish and sleek, but reliability can be improved. Be careful folding the wires- sound in one headphone can disappear after consistent wear and tear.
The right channel quit working. It was working fine until yesterday then it just stopped. I know its not the device because I tried another headphone.
I got these because I wanted to replace my Bluetooth headset with a simple wired mic.  These worked fine, until one of the buds stopped working within less than a month.  I also found the rubber inserts not well-sized for my ears: the medium ones were too small, and the large too big.
Very good quality, and a great price. And there are a number of color choices. I have used JLab ear buds for several years. They won't disappoint.
I've been an audio fan for a VERY long time, and over the years I've auditioned a lot of speakers and headphones. I like a NATURAL bass sound, tight and full and percussive (as a former bass/electric bass/tuba player, I know first-hand what that sounds like), and a sliky, smooth treble with space or air around the instruments. Headphones can't deliver the full bass sound because they can't recreate the chest impact, which is why so many headphone listeners like exaggerated bass. They can, however, deliver a startling soundstage and in-your-head presence that is almost instantly addictive.While these phones are well-made and comfortable, they fail on almost every other criteria. Bass is rolled off nearly to nonexistence. Treble is rough and screechy, and mids have a hard, steely quality. Altogether a VERY bad experience; they were packed up and sent back a day later after two listening sessions. If you need IEMs, go with the Sound Magic E10, otherwise the Koss KSC-75 is the way to go in this price range.
While the sound, color, and microphone are great, they are not worth the money because they do not last. I purchased these in January and one ear bud died a week or two ago. As i was walking to work today, the second side stopped working. For $25, I expected them to last longer than 5 or 6 months!
These earbuds are a great bargain at the price they're selling for.  Sound quality is as good as models selling for triple the price.  I've only had them for less than a month, so I can't comment on the durability.  But all earbuds need to be treated with a little care because of the thin wires.  Most people will be quite happy with how they sound out of the box.  They are a little heavy on the bass so a little equalization gives them pretty much perfect sound.  And the four different sizes of ear cushions make them easy to fit comfortably.  Very highly recommended.  Buy two pair so you'll have a spare, and then you'll qualify for free shipping.
This is one of those products that I love enough to buy a spare of. While I'm not an audio genius, I find the sound quality excellent -- best I've found under $100. The mic also makes my fiancee happier than other pairs I've tried. Now're days they've gotten as cheap as crap sounding earbuds out of walmart but these are great for my needs. I generally rely on VoIP, music, and video playback via Android.I've been using these since February 2012 and it's still going strong, durability has been nice. Cable noise doesn't seem to impair use while rolling in bed or laying on it. Also they've not fallen apart despite excessive use -- I'm a really, really happy camper.
...for the price these serve the purpose...sturdy and listenable...the different size rubber buds give a proper fit in the ear
The sound is good.The online manual is unreadable as the type is so small and it is a pdf.
They arrived on time.  They are wonderful.  Clear sound,  noise canceling,  and best of all,  5 different sizes of comfy ear buds.  Very comfortable.  Will be buying another set for hubby 's IPAD.
When they worked, they performed very nicely. Unfortunately they seem to suffer from build quality issues. The initial pair I received failed within two weeks of receipt. The replacement pair lasted a little longer - about three weeks - but failed in a similar way. I'm hoping that the replacement for the replacement will be good... but I'm not holding out much hope.[Update - Oct 28th, 2013] Well, as I suspected the replacement failed too. To my surprise JLab customer support then offered me a replacement pair of an alternate product (the J4M earbuds) which lasted significantly longer than any or the J5M's had, but still failed much sooner than I would have expected (yesterday, to be specific, which based on the original review date of August 7th suggests the J4M's can have lasted no longer than 11 weeks). Based on my experience, I'm not going to be giving JLab any more of my money in the future unless I see a significant increase in their customer satisfaction ratings.
Great buy and are satisfactory for me, a hard of hearing person. I only use one of the two, but find the clarity excellent. I do find the long cord a bit difficult to handle with a kindle sitting in my lap on on a nearby table.
These are comfortable, sound great, are inexpensive and are backed by incredible customer service.  If they break, they replace them if a warranty issue and give you a 50% discount if you just drop them in water or such.
The sound quality, base response is excellent for such small plugs, very comfortable. Have suggested to friends who have also purchased some.
This is good. Voice is very clear. Wire is little bit thin but quality of sound is very good.If anyone looking for reasonable headphones then go for it..
Appears to be a good product; does well what it is supposed to do. A small storage sleave, as others have suggested, would have nice to include.
These headphones are not 65 dollar quality. They're marked up so you think your getting a great discount on a high value product. The sound quality is poor, my cheap 14.99 jvc's had better sound quality with a deeper bass sound.My first pair broke within 2 weeks of use. The left head phone went out. I got a replacement and alas, the second pair broke but this time it lasted 4 weeks. Sadly when the new headphones broke I was out of the country and unable to return them. So now they're just really nice ear plugs for when I sleep. Skip these headphones, they're being sold to make quick money, not a quality product.
Was excited to use it since I've had one before. Got to the gym and was ready to work out until I couldn't hear anything.  Come to find out this one was a bad one.
I have small ears, and the Apple headphones I tried to use with my iPhone/iPad either fell out constantly or just hurt.  These are nice, comfortable, and sleek.  They also have great sound quality for music or watching videos on the iPad.  Nice price too.  Very happy with the purchase.
Symptom: one of the ear bud went dead within one year of mild usage.Usage pattern: I mainly use this product for listening to music either in office or on subway.  The earphone nicely cancels the ambient noise.  That's why I think it deserves 2 stars.  I also use it while walking to the subway station with it plugged into my iphone, but I do not use it when running or doing other types of exercise.  So I consider my usage pattern as mild.Pro: sound quality is good.  Nice for indoor listening.Con: it got broken too fast.  It is not strong enough for listening while walking, and it is definitely not strong enough for listening while exercising.
I am really hard on my earbuds. I use them nearly every day, and can go through a cheap pair in a few weeks.I was a little disappointed by the lack of volume controls. However, I have noticed that I usually don't change the volume more then one click up or down, and that is only when going from a quiet area to a noisy area, I.E. running the vacuum.I use these with my iPhone 4 mostly for podcasts, audio books and phone calls. The only trouble that I have had so far is the wire mesh covering the speaker came off while I was cleaning it.
I bought these to have something solid and inexpensive to wear to the gym. They worked ok for a few weeks, and then the right earbud simply stopped working. Naturally, they broke literally one day after the return window had expired. Moreover, the earbuds didn't even sound that great to begin with--music was thin, tinny, and light on the bass. Don't buy this crap; save your money and get something a bit more expensive and higher quality.
Compared to standard phone supplied earbuds these provide outstanding sound quality.  Wear them in the gym while plodding on the treadmill.  With my old earbuds I could hear all the usual gym background noise even with the volume cranked to max.  With these, mimimal background noise, good sound quality at a low volume setting.  Very comfortable in my ears as well.
These headphones have decent sound and are attractive, but lasted exactly the length of the warranty and (literally) started to come apart at the seams.  I first noticed problems with the microphone and ipod controls about 6 months in.  The product became useless after about 13 months, when the headphones stopped producing any sound at all -- probably due to the seal and joints holding the cable to the plug coming apart.  If the price is worth a year of use to you, by all means pull the trigger.  If you are looking for something more long term, I'd look elsewhere.***UPDATE***The very same day I posted this review, I received a reply to the review from JLab.  They assured me that the product was defective and this was the exception, not the rule.  They then directed me to the customer support page on their website and it was all too easy to make a claim and receive a replacement set of these defective headphones, even outside of the warranty period.  So, although I am pleased with the reasonable customer service of this company, I will revisit my rating of the product only once I have had an opportunity to see if the set I had was one of just a few defective products, or the manufacturing quality on this model simply isn't up to par.***LAST UPDATE***After having these replaced, they have once again suffered the same fate of the first Jlab J5M headphones. At 3 months, the casing from the microphone assembly came undone, leaving part of the assembly to slide up and down the wire.  Then, after about 6 months of use, the wire that connects the plug to my iPhone has stopped working properly.  If the wire isn't positioned perfectly, the sound stops entirely, requiring random jiggling of the cable to get any sound whatsoever.  Very annoying when you're trying to work out.  Despite assurances that these defects are the exception to the rule, I am forced to conclude to the contrary.  Not saying don't buy them--the price is right, the sound is decent and they fit nicely in the ear--just do so with the awareness that this product is not built to last.
I used to own Jbuds before and they sounded alot better then these.  I already had to send 1 pair back and hope I don't have another issue
Unfortunately, the cats love to destroy these so I've purchased several replacements for my daughter, but these are our first choice.  They work beautifully to drown out noise like: crap music at the gym, loud spousal snoring, engine noise when flying.  They are also comfortable and offer various sized ear buds.
I like the sound from Jbuds - I don't need amazing sound - just good - since I listen to audiobooks with them. My problem with these and other Jbuds I have purchased is their apparent fragility. I am not that hard on these things but they have all quit working on one side. In the future I will spend less and feel better when I have to toss them.
These are not as durable as they say. For the price be prepared to buy more on a regular basis. I have used them for the phone...one side stopped working.
these earbuds are comfortable to the ear and very clear sound. we can use them whenever we need to be quiet(r) at bedtime or if someone else wants to read in the quiet of the room.
Great deal and excellent product for the price. They never tangle up, and the color makes it easy to fiind.
ordered these based off of other reviews comparing them to skullcandy and other comparable brands,,, this is a out and out lie. first off sound quality is no where near as good as skull. second within days i was getting distortion through the earbuds and static feedback when they were on. the design is okay but nothing to write home about. cable is a little too short for my taste as well. all in all i would not recommend. i have owned dozens of earbuds and found some ingenious ways to damage them and these have betrayed me without much provocation. hell ive had sets of earbuds i have washed in a laundromat and turn around and work just fine (skullcandies flat wire no mic). i hardly write reviews because i dont see the need unless its a scam.
The price was right and the quality far exceeds what I thought.  I use them for my cell phone calls and just for listenening to music.  Great sound and very well made.
I use this headset to go to the gym everyday. After only one month, the jack that goes into the phone and the wire that runs to the earpieces started to come apart. I buy headphones about once a year to once a year and a half based on wear and tear.  But these did not hold up to what I consider normal wear and tear.  I don't recommend them.  (Sound is great when it was playing!)
I rated these five stars because these are the heavy duty earbuds that my thirteen year old cant destroy in a week.
If you use it in your room without moving and you like good base, you will like it.But,- If you move, the sound of the cord touching your cloth will be annoying.- If wind blows, the sound of wind will be annoying.I never expected these issues.However, the sound quality is good except that the voice sound is not big enough while base sound is big.
I've had these now for a little over a year and primarily use them when I'm riding my bike to/from places (5-10 mile trips).  I had gone through about 4 or 5 of the cheapo $5 or $10 sets in the past few months so decided to try something a little more expensive and see if it lasted any longer.  To my surprise, these earbuds are still going strong.  They have been yanked/pulled on or pulled out of my ears a handful of times and still work perfectly.  They also sound very good.  They were about $30 when I bought them, but I see they've not only come down in price, but now have a large variety of different colors available.  Well, at least I know where to turn when I eventually need new ones, which I doubt will be any time soon.  If you need some nice earbuds, you can't go wrong with these.
I bought these earbuds to replace the skullcandy ones I owned previously because one side stopped working.  I am pleased with how these ones feel and sound, although I must complain about one thing.  I noticed that the sound "clicks" every once in a while, so since it's not perfect, I took off one star.  It doesn't happen often and it's random. The microphone also works nicely with my droid bionic when I'm on a call.  Over all, I think it was a good buy.
These headphones arrived with one channel not working. Additionally, for the one channel that did work, the right ear, the sound came through tinny and with poor clarity. I have owned several pairs of JBuds ear-bud headphones in the past and have never been satisfied with them. I would recommend those interested in these headphones to look at comparable Sony headphones as I have found them to be much more satisfactory.
I received these quickly and thy are great replacing my original earbuds that came with my iphone. They stay in place is why I purchased them. Soft silicone extra size pieces fit the ear buds to adjust to your ears. High quality sound. Built in Mic is a plus!
I purchased these headphones a few mos. Odd them no more than 3 or 4x.  Never ruff treatment. In fact. Very carefully baby'd. I've worked on the strereo business many many years. Broke them in properly as well. Well take a guess....right side where Mic is. No warning. Gone. Another 50$. I want my money back.
This earbuds are the best pair I've ever owned in my music life!They work really well! The last two products I had were JBuds Hi-Fi Noise-Reducing Ear Buds (Black) and JBuds J3M Micro Atomic In-Ear Earbuds Style Headphones with Mic (Electric Blue). However, I had to ask for product replacement at least once for those products. I gave away original JBuds as soon as I got JBuds J3M, but JBuds J3M is once again broken even after the replacement.I used to fold around my headphones when I want to store it in my pocket. Well, there's a better way! Instead of folding the wire around your mobile phone or MP3 player, try coiling them around your hand in circles like the way you received the product. It's pretty neat that way!I have experienced a few fault with the previous earbuds I owned. Some of you out there might have as well. I recommend you to leave enough free space around the plug area if you want to wrap it around your device without unplugging the earbuds. Keeping the plug overly banded is the root of the failure of earbuds.
I purchased this product back in February of 2013 and thought that it would at least last me a year.  However, it is now the end of May 2013 and these headphones no longer work.  If you want headphones to last you more than 3 months I would strongly recommend not purchasing this item.  What a waste of money!
Work great - very happy that if came with other but sizes.  Priced great and does what I need it to do.
What I said in the title really, first happened after only a few days of using the product, no obvious reason. Sound quality good though.
Really comfortable, bought a case really cheap and good. Sound is perfect, great to wear them when working out outside, gardening, etc. Good deal
My grandson loved the ear buds and said they had the sound he was looking for while snowmobiling.  They were perfect under his helmet.
I decided to pick these up going off the majority of reviews being positive. However, I'm left with not being able to use them. The earbuds came with a couple of different sizes which doesnt even matter. These are close to impossible to keep from falling out of your ear.
In fact the left one is so well rooted in I haven't been able to remove it for a week... Actually seriously these are my favorite head phones and they sound good and are tough. They continue to work well even after exposure to lots of sweat and occasional though accidental abuse.
Sound stopped coming out of right ear after one week of use...very disappointed. Possibly the worst $20 I have ever spent. I will not be granting this company my business in the future and I will be warning my friends from using JBuds.
These earbuds are comforatble.  Your don't even know you are wearing.  The sound quality is great and they are holding up well.
The quality felt good and solid. I was a little worried about thin cords compared to my J4 earbuds but they lasted. I eventually lost mine but they worked well until then, The button was great for changing songs and the microphone also worked well.5 stars if they didnt lack comfort. They fell out of my ears unless I really pushed them in, and when I did that the solid chasis would rub on my ear causing pain if using for long peroids of time. When I was at the gym I guess I didn't notice the pain because I ran with these a bit and it didn't seem to bother me then.
These earbuds very comfortable and they block the room noise very well.  Plus, I love the color!  I'm very pleased with my purchase.
Do you think you know all the way that earbuds can be used?  I've found that they are the best way to block my husband's (wife's) snoring.  I have longer periods of sleep (up to 5 hours) when I am using my earbuds.
My wife uses  the JBuds to play movies on her Kindle Fire HD and goes into uninterrupted  coma and enjoying her Amazon Prime subscription to watch one of the hundreds of thousands of titles available. I'm ever so happy that she enjoys her birthday present! Happy wife , Happy life.
The first time I bought this pair of J5 blue ear buds with mic, the left earbud failed after 1 week of usage.  In addition, the ear buds weren't even labeled correctly! Left and right were completely flipped. In addition, the microphone is terribly bad at picking up sound,  I end up having to pick up the mic piece and placing it about an inch from my mouth for anyone to actually hear me clearly.After receiving the replacement earbuds from amazon, the issues with the low sensitivity mic and flipped left and right buds were still present.  However, once again, the left channel crapped out after only a dozen or so uses! I have never dropped them and store them carefully. What a waste of money and time, I will never buy from this brand again.
As a third party headphone for Apple they worked well and they survived  through my everyday use. The only problem I ha was the button control. Overall it worked but nothing can beat the original. But....JBuds does come close.
these earbuds are some of the best quality I have purchased and I have bought many get them when you can
I ordered these thinking that they were going to be perfect but I got the opposite.  There was an issue with them and when I tried to obtain the warranty, it seemed to be too easy..  With no phone calls or messages I was able to get a replacement set of headphones .  This makes me wonder weather they are as good as they say they are.  And by the way, when i received the other headphones, they were not the correct ones, which did make me a bit upset but they did work better then the other pair i got.
Sturdy, well made, reinforced connections, and excellent sound quality (highs, mid-range, and great bass in addition to rendering excellent stereo separation). Short story: Met a friend and his hyper collie while walking my lab. His beautiful dog jumped up on me (not a problem really) to lick me, but I was wearing these ear buds. His paw caught the buds right at the separation point for right and left (a reinforced point) from the main feed cable and violently snatched them from my ears with an audible SNAP whereupon they hit the ground and he stepped on them. Retrieving them I found not one scratch, no damage to cabling due to the reinforcement and no loss of sound quality. Amazing in my book! Only one nit, it would be nice to have a volume control on the right line as well as the mute button provided.
This pair of earbuds is the best I've owned.  They are comfortable and I can enjoy the sound much better than the others.  I am a grandmother that has trouble hearing in one of my ears and this set of earbuds is the best for it.  As always, excellent service from Amazon and an amazing product.
I haven't had a chance to use it so far. I am sure it will be as useful as all the items I bought from Amazon. Thanks.
Bottom line:  No matter which size earbud bad I installed it would not fit inside my ear...something is not right with the design.
These are very good earphones for working out or listening while doing housework.  Good price & I would recommend to friends.
This item was a gift so I can't really say. The teenage girl likes purple and I see her use them so they must work alright.
Since the first day I received this headphones I loved them! The sound is amazing and clarity of the voice on the integrated microphone in my Samsung Galaxy S3 is perfect! This headphones are way much better than Samsung original headset that comes with the S3.Totally recommended if you want to have a great audio experience and great voice quality calls.
Bought this for my wife to replace a single headphone from JLAB that died after a year or so of use. She reports that it is good, and sounds good when I am on a call with her. She has pretty small ears and the smallest adapter fits her ear perfectly. Her only complaint is that the cord is too long for her liking.
We've used these before and they have always performed wonderfully,  Trouble is, the dog eats them which is why we have to buy the case separately.  Wish the case came with it as it becomes expensive.
I typically don't review products unless something stands out. My earbuds broke, I submitted a photo and description via their website, quick, courteous response, new earbuds in 4 days. The quality of switching back to these earbuds was a nice surprise all over again, especially for the price the first time, not to mention the second pair being free(within 1 year).
The J5 Earbuds has good soundI like the color of the itemI already told some of my  friends about it.
The styling and build quality of the set are fairly good overall. The sound is great, You should know I am hearing impaired and these work great for me by letting me crank it up without loosing the quality. Great buy
One of the buds barely has any sound. I tried them with my iPhone 4, Kindle and Mac -- and they do not give the sound quality I read about in the reviews. My mom mailed these to me because I live in Europe. It's too much hassel to return them :~/ They are useless to me!
I love JLabs earbuds, but they are really fragile. Less than a year of average use usually brings a breakage of the connection to one or the other of the ears. I sure wish they'd fix this, figure out how to make them more robust.
I found myself at work one day without headphones and lucked out to find these bad boys for $14.50 (maybe because I ordered the black/electric blue ones? at the time i think the other colors were ~$25)!  I was a little skeptical of headphones that were such a steal AND included a mic so I ordered the JVC HAFX1X Headphone Xtreme-Xplosivs (don't even bother with this piece of.....) at the same time, which had a higher rating that the JBuds.The JBuds hands down beat out the JVC headphones in every category - sound, quality, appearance, comfort, and cool factor. When I'm at home, I continuing using these headphones and have completely forgotten about my $300 Bose headphones (probably because Bose tickles my neck if any hair is caught in them).  Only suggestion for improvement would be to include volume control along with the mic (and I'm sure they have a more expensive model that already has this).Would definitely buy again!
I had a set of J2 earbuds for a couple of years and liked them so much that when they were destroyed I skipped over every other vendor and went looking in JLab's product book for a replacement.I'm very happy with the J5M.  It's a better set than the J2 in every way: smaller, better looking, more comfortable, and (most important, obviously) much better sounding.  In addition to producing a richer sound, they also do a better job of sealing out external noise.  I'm not a sound engineer but I'm guessing the improved noise-exclusion is because the smaller earbuds fit better and the rubber adapters (four different sizes come with the earbuds) are made of a heavier material.I can't say I particularly needed the microphone; I chose the J5M because the set was (oddly, to my mind) a dollar cheaper than the microphone-less J5.  I do have various iOS devices and can confirm that the mic and control button work as advertised on these devices.  The control button also works properly to control iTunes on my MacBook Pro, which I think is neat even if I can't really imagine why anyone would want to do it.Final verdict: to my ear this is a nearly perfect product. When they're inevitably destroyed in a couple of years (I break things; I'm at peace with it), I'll be looking to JLab's product book again.
Look really good for the price!!!but...The in line mic broke and there are now pieces that "float" up and down the cable.These were the one's I decided to "upgrade" to after trying the Jlab J3M (which broke within the return window).  Sadly, this will have to be the last purchase for JLab headphones for me.  I know I'm not paying for a premium product here, but seriously the quality of these are just not holding up...Side note, these are the first headphones I've ever owned that conduct static shocks directly into your ears.  I've used these on multiple flights and even the slightest movement will send repeated shocks into your ear holes...  Very exciting on 12-14 hour flights! :/
Make sure to take full advantage of JLab's 1-year no-questions warranty. I've been through about 4 replacements of various models of their headphones. It's almost like I don't mind paying ~$30 for more or less decent headphones, but the trouble of replacing them got to me so I got some nicer ones.
Love these but wish the cord was longer so I could move around my desk. Guess I will just have to get an extension for them.  Or get an ipod.
There are definitely some Pros and Cons with this product. For me, aside from price point, most important was the sonic performance of the earbuds. In this regard, the J5Ms met my expectation. I found them to be at least as good as the Apple earbuds, with a bit more definition or "clarity" in the mid-range to upper frequencies. Some might consider them to be "bright" sounding, but when I'm riding my bike in traffic, I can still hear the music and enough ambient noise to know what's going on around me. I have no gripes with regard to construction. They seem adequate in this regard; they are lightweight, fit comfortably in my ears, and for workouts, I'm not concerned with hearing ambient noise. I prefer my Apple earbuds most of the time because they do allow a lot of ambient noise to pass into the ears. However, my biggest gripe with the J5Ms is the design of the control for my iPhone. It's only on and off without a volume control and the the little "stick" they used is not at all well thought out like Apple's, which because of the shape, you can "feel" between your fingers with a nicely sized and elongated button. Even the button Apple employs has a soft texture to it. Not so here, I find myself groping for the the little button on this "dumb" cylindrical thing. But, for the price, they're just okay. If I had to replace them today, I'd try a different product.
Sound was good but  kept falling out of my ear.  Bought the ear hooks  but they didn't fit that great.  The Mic button worked on and off.
Enjoy having sound everywhere I go with my Kindle Fire, also being able to read or watch in the dark or sunlight.
This is my second pair of JBuds Earbuds (the first was the J3 model). I experienced the same problem with both sets - the speaker and rubber insert separates from the housing. When this happens you can no longer keep the earphones in your ear. With the J3s it took about two weeks, with the J5s it took less than 1 minute. Perhaps JBuds should add some super glue to the joint before sending these out the door.When I insert the earbuds in my ear I give them a slight twist to get a good seal. It's possible that's the problem, but my earbuds from other manufacturers (Scosche, Samsung, Sennheiser) have not had this separation problem (now if only I could stop losing them!)Sound is reasonable, not great, but poor quality make these way overpriced.
The earbuds seem well equipped but none of the plastic ear pieces fit correctly.The plastic is not soft enough where they can conform to the shape of the ear so they tend to pop out easily. If I choose the smallest piece the audio and bass is severely degraded and my player sounds like i'm listening to a cheap transistor radio. The mid to large pieces, if i push hard on them into my ear, bass and audio comes out great, but if i walk or tilt my head, they pop right out. Sometimes it feels I'm spending more time adjusting them than enjoying the audio.I got these because I needed the MIC feature, but I have to say, Sony's so far have had the best quality in my experience.  If you dont plan to move much and just do some casual listening, these are great. For anything active, I don't recommend them.
This is my second pair of JBuds.  I have a pair at home that I use when working in the yard.  I highly recommend this headphones!!!
The only thing I don't like about these headphones is the lack of volume control. It has a stop and play button but you have to use the phone to adjust volume. Other than that, these are comfortable and I love them! If you have a life proof case on the phone you'll need the adapter.
Sound is amazing and great when using with my Droid Razr HD. However if you plug them in just right or if the plug turns just right they stop working. Have tried with my desktop headphone jack, also the same result. Not sure whats wrong but they feel solid sound amazing when they work.
They kept breaking at the metal insert part. We did get a free pair because they broke but then a few weeks later those broke too.
They had good sound and blocked out a lot of other sound, but it was like having a stethoscope on whenever you wore them.  You could hear your self breathe and if you didn't use the clip, every time the wire bounce against your shirt, it sounded like someone was snapping you earbuds with a pencil, kind of annoying.  Not really worth the money.  The right ear quit working after only a few uses and are probably in a landfill at this moment.
Like many cat owners, I had to replace mine after my cat tore it apart. I was looking for possibly better headphones for a little more money that would resemble the sound quality in the J4s. Though these are way more comfortable than the J4s, I would argue that J4s sound noticably nicer. However, in terms of comfort, the J4s were terrible at times.The J5s sound clear nonetheless, and very comfortable, not to mention lightweight.
I bought these in February after having a generally positive experience with previous generation JBuds. The product stopped working properly (the sound in the left earbud was diminished) after only a few weeks and I went through the warranty replacement process which, to JLAB's credit, is very easy and efficient. The build quality, packaging, accessories, and overall feel are all great but when the sound stops working, it's hard to leave a good review.Unfortunately, the replacement I received lasted for even less time than my original pair. The left earbud once again has diminished sound and this time it happened after a mere 3 days of casual use. I am in the process of filing another claim but this seems to be a reoccurring problem so I would advise you to do your research before purchasing a pair.
FOR CHEAP SET THEY ARE OK IF NOT RUNNINGWILL LOOK FOR BEHIND THE EAR SET NEXTI DO LIKE THE PLUG END VERY STABLE
I purchased this headset to use with my iPhone 4S. The reviews were average, so I knew going in this wasn't going to be a stellar buy. Well, there's nothing like starting with low expectations, and being disappointed even further.These headphones look fine, but the sound quality is really bad....which defeats the entire purpose for getting these. The sound coming through these headphones is all muddled, not crisp at all. I tried these in different environments (inside, outside, noisy), but the sound quality was subpar regardless.It's been more than 30 days, so hoping Amazon will issue me a partial refund for this purchase. Disappointed!
I've been a fan of Jlab's products for quite some time because the quality sound provided at a reasonable price. I needed to replace my J3's after about 16 months of heavy use (6-9 hours a day 5 days a week) due to one earbud's sound cutting in and out. I decided to get the J5's due to the (mostly) positive reviews, I disregarded the reviews claiming poor build quality due to my own positive experiences with the company's products. Initially I loved them; the quality of the sound and fit were superior, after about 4 hours the left earbud started cutting in and out. During the first 4 hours they were used while sitting at my desk, so I  wasn't putting them through any rigorous or harsh usage. I have to admit I am disappointed, I have recommended JLab's products to family, friends and co-workers I may have to reconsider doing that in the future.
The quality of sound, bass and treble was very good and distinct. However, when I used them at the gym, they do not stay well in my ears and come out of them quite often.
The sound is loud and clear. Just the way i like it. And come in various cap sizes (I used the smaller ones instead of the default ones - and they fit nicely).
they keep falling outa my ear, these are definitely not made for workouts and hiking, they dont stay in your eat at all even with the right size plugs.
When my sister's pug chewed my first pair decided that a second set was in order.  Very comfortable; my Father much preferred these when on a recent airline flight, and sound quality is also good.
I bought this from Amazon. Sound is good but hardware is bad. Just after a months use, i started having problem. The voice started breaking and come to find out that the cord came loose from the jack. Not very sturdy especially you are using going to use this in the gym or while running.
These headphones put out solid sound, with a good range.  For the price, I think the sound quality is great.  I use these to run in and it makes me experience that much better.
I've had some more high profile/high priced, ear buds in the past, and they were slightly better, but for the price, these are good.
These earbuds were provided to me free of charge by Amazon because my original earbuds (HTC Stereo Headset for HTC EVO 4G (Black)) would often not register when plugged into my new Kindle Fire HD. It's fortunate that they were free, because at $30 I would not have even thought of them as an option.I work in a general store which sells similar earbuds for $5. They use the same style of rubber in-ear noise cancellers. I don't like these cheap peices of rubber, because they need to fill your ear canal completely in order for the buds to stay in. Not only does this get uncomfortable after awhile, but it doesn't work for noise cancelling. Sure, you don't hear anything around you, but what you DO hear is every single movement the cord makes between your ears and whatever they're plugged into, and everything that's going on inside your own head (chewing food or gum for instance). This is counter-intuitive at best.If you can get over this major disappointment, the sound quality is comparable to earbuds that you can get for half the price. If it weren't for the fact that they were the only headphones I owned that worked reliably in my Kindle Fire HD, I would never have used them. Now that I have Sony MDRZX100/BLK  ZX Series Stereo Headphones, these will likely go in the garbage.
The only complaint is they color in the picture is alot darker then what was received.  But that didn't bother me. High quality.
sounds gratebut i use a equ with the bass up and dubstep..... so ya one cut out ... but i don't blame themwhat worry me is that the first jbuds could do it just fine and there only 5$ and sound about the same
people on the conference calls can here my typing really well so i have to mute.  Audio quality is like headphones that come with iphone.  build quality is fairly low but you get what you pay for.  Good value.
the J3s had a little band that slid up & down the wires above the split, to rein in the slack; it was very valuable when arranging beneath helmet and other gear.  Also the sheathing is some sort of gripping rubber rather then the former slicker sheathing which didn't catch on every type of fabric.  The sound remains superb.
I bought these earphones after having a good experience with the J4 earbuds, and lost my J4's :'(Overall (after having these for a month) they don't quite match up to the J4's. I have to crank up the volume a few notches above what would be a comfortable volume with the J4's.They block out extra outside noise perfectly. Have above average bass, overall good sound quality (I listen to mostly metal, and some rap). Can't complain really. Regular headphones to me.One small annoyance that I find is that if the cord hits against something you can hear it the headphones. This was the cause of a lot of bad reviews on the J4's but I personally did not come across that issue with the J4's.I would recommend them if you just want to buy something to listen to your music (they ARE better than your average $10/$15 headphones you can buy in the store quickly when you're on the go)
not nearly as good as the samsungs I already had no mute or vol control would not recommend to anyone
Great ear buds at a good price.  We have had several sets, these are absolutely the best for the money.  Good sound, built to last.
There are better sets of earbuds, but none of them are anywhere near this price.  The forged aluminum housings feel durable,  the bass is as powerful as in the J3, but the mids and highs are stable and clear, unlike the J3.  Also, these headphones are not flashy enough to get stolen, nor do they make the user look like a chotch, as beats do.
My gym plays the worst music that can really get in the way of my arc trainer and strength training rhythms. These headphone isolate external sounds (don't worry if someone says something you can hear them and, out of politeness take the buds out to chat.But you won't hear the annoying gym music bouncing off the walls and ceiling nor the loud voiced of those jokers over there pumping up to show each other how testosterone filled they are.Combine these earbuds with a workout music app on you iPod and you will reach your goal of giving your body the Victory V shape. (no i don't have it yet but i will).As an aside, the apps are particularly good for cardio, helping to maintain a rhythm that can get you to push through those moments when you think you can't take it anymore and, if the app lets you change the beats per minute, adding to the difficulty,and ultimate benefit, of your routine.Word of advice: Even with the great sound and isolation of these earphones, don't overdo your routines. There have been times when the sound was so sublime i just didn't want to stop even then I'd reached the end of the time I had set. That has resulted in some very painful muscles, pre and post workout protein shakes notwithstanding.
They must make a 500% profit margin on these cheaply made headphones that probably cost a few dollars to manufacture. Buyer beware, they don't sound good, or look nearly as good as their fancy website makes them appear. Being an audiophile, I can say the sound from these headphones is ridiculous. Your iPhone sounds better...
Well after a great 6 month run the LEFT earbud just mysteriously stopped working It does not appear to be wire related as no ammount of wiggling the cord or compreesing it produced ANY sound from that side - Still overall I was happy enough with them to order the J.Fi.M buds from the same people - I'll be reviewing those as soon as I get them and try them out a while...ORIGINAL Review -Let me first say, I agonized way too long over which earbuds to buy. I own a set of Bose In Ear that I love, but the cords are starting to pull out of the ear pieces, and the in line switch piece broke off several months ago..So I wanted something that had the in-line mic/controls, that would sound nearly as good as the Bose, and that would be sturdy - Oh yea, 1 more thing.. low budget, so a 2nd pair of the Bose was off the table from the start...the J5M's were a very pleasant surprise. quite reasonably priced - a VERY nice sound (tho still not as nice as the Bose) and several weeks of falling asleep while wearing them has not weakened them structurally as far as I can see.
I liked everything, sound was good, looked perfect, but there was one problem. If I put ear buds little hard, ear buds would make Electric sound which is kind of scary....
First pair: One ear was intermittently working right out of the box, until it went completely.  At this price I expect better quality control.Update: They were under warranty and I was able to get a new pair sent within a few days.  The new pair works and they sound great if you like a lot of bass.
These sounds great but they always fall out of my ear within a few minutes while I'm running or working out and I've tried all the earpieces supplied.  You have sports in the title so I thought these would stay in a little better.  Might try a earpiece from a different set of earbuds.  The sound is solid, little light on the bass but the mic/control comes in a handy especially if you have a smartphone with a touchscreen.  You don't have to turn on the screen and unlock the phone to change tracks.  Not recommended for running/working out.
This is my second set of earbuds, my dog chewed up my old one. This model IS really nice, the sounds is awsome.
They shock me occasionally. I'm not kidding about this, you actually get a mini shock sometimes while listening, it doesn't happen all of the time and it doesn't hurt, but it's enough to feel it. It's a weird non pleasant sensation.  I don't listen to it very loud so I have no idea what this is, maybe some from of static electricity? who knows?I'm not an audiophile so I cannot speak about their sound quality too much apart from the fact that they sound good enough to me and they block out ambient noise which is good.**UPDATE**The shock is not the fault of the earbuds. Given this information and how pleased I am with the product, I'm updating to 4 stars.[...]
I have had this for almost a year and it still works as it did straight out of the box! For earbuds the sound quality and bass is great! I use this everyday and have been for neatly a year! It's also classy looking.
no matter which ear bud covers i tried they kept falling out when i was walking on mill sound was good
2 stars might be a bit unfair as I use headphones connected to my phone that is in my front pocket while moving around alot. But the "design" of the angled jack was suppose to stop the huge issue most have about shorts making them cut out. They did last me about 2 months while the 5 dollar super cheap pairs last me a week or two. They do come with 4 ear bud sizes to get your preferred level of noise cancellation and they do have great sound so I will bump it up to  3 stars.I have decided to be finished with wired headphones and switch to bluetooth ones. I recommend a pair like LG Electronics HBS-700W Wireless Bluetooth Stereo Headset
I've gone through many different kinds of earbuds.  These are the best.  Look no further.  These are comfortable and rugged.
Right earpiece no longer works after two weeks of use.  Extremely frustrated with my product because not only did I pay good money for this item, but I waited 2.5 weeks before it was shipped to me and now I have to replace it.  I will not be purchasing from Jbuds again if they dont step up their quality control.
This set of turd earbuds are lame.  First off they dont sit in my ear well and are NOT comfortable.  I tried using the different tips and none of them fit in my ear comfortably.AND then, this turd of a product BROKE after 3 weeks of minimal use.  The right speaker broke and they sit at my work desk since new.  This is cheap JUNK, they broke inside at my desk! Not running, not working out, not outside... INSIDE at my desk.Save your money, dont fall for the sale or ridiculous price.Update #1: Contacted by rep and friendly reminder about warrenty info.  (adding a star and will update later)
Not any better that my Skull Candy Ink'd Mic'd, and I get those for $8-10 at a local TJ Maxx. Sound is not spectacular, cords get really coiled up (I admit I do roll them and store them in my pocket), and warranty is not as good as Skull Candy. I got turned onto these because of all the good reviews and sale price vs. MSRP, but these are not worth $56 as list price, and you would be an idiot to buy them at $35. I got them for $15, and they are really not worth more than $10 - not while http://www.amazon.com/Skullcandy-S2IKDY-003-Earbud-Headphones-Black/dp/B007136EDG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1363118728&sr=8-1&keywords=skullcandy+headphones+mic%27d sells for under $15 any given day.
This is my second pair of these headphones. The first pair were given to me by my girlfriend nearly 2 years ago! I used these things for hours every day for the gym, commuting to college via train, and at work.  Most of these places are pretty loud but these headphones do a great job at sealing the external noise out! Mine finally broke because i got them caught one too many times on a piece of equipment at the gym so one bud stopped working. I had probably done that 100 times along with other stupid things that should have broken these headphones a long time ago. So the only reason mine are being replaced is because I was rough on them. I am sure these would last forever if you aren't rough with them like I am.They come with multiple sized ear pieces which is very convenient if you have i slightly different sized external auditory canals. They also come with a little clip to clip them to your shirt. I find that nice when you are running or moving around a lot.  One thing that can be a problem is that the ear buds have a small metal ring around them which can be slightly painful if you get charged with static. If the charge gets big enough, it feels like someone threw a rock in your ear. This only happens to me because I process clothing at an athletic store causing me to have large amounts of exposure to it. For a normal situation it isn't too bad. Gym shorts/pants (depending on the material they are made from) may cause some static charging simply from having the audio device moving in your pocket. That's much less intense and doesn't bother me at all. That's literally the only downside to these headphones.
Could not pass these up for the price and they work great! I wear them when I'm walking my dog on trails. Great quality
My daughter loves them. Then block out the background noise and she can focus on her task at hand and enjoy her music. GREAT buy!! Also, the first set of buds she got were defective and I simply contacted Amazon, they sent the UPS return label and ship another set out overnight at no charge to me. I returned the others and all are happy.
I absolutely love these headphones. They are one of the more better ones that I have owned. They are durable and have great bass to them. Once you have them on, every outside noise is blocked. Works better to block noise than ear plug, used them as earplug before. Only thing is if you touch the wires, the sound travels pretty heavily which can be annoying.
They didn't fit my ears well at all , could be my ears who knows at this point service was fast and great and stuff was packed nicely .
I've purchased over 20 Earbud-style headphones over the past several years, and they usually last 6 months at most.  I mainly use them when I go to bed to fall asleep to a movie on my iPhone 4 or my Laptop.  The problem in the past was a cheap design, and the wire from the connection would break, or bend thus making it impossible for stereo sound and they were quite uncomfortable to fall asleep with.  I found theJBuds J5  on Amazon, deciding I wasn't going to buy "cheap" any more.  Imagine my surprise to find a quality product that wasn't but $2-$5 more than what I'd been paying!!!  Comfort is such I do not notice them as I fall asleep.  Also, when I use them while listening to music on my computer while I work, the 'buds' totally block out any outside noise.  I would recommend that you rinse the buds off before use, as I noticed they made my ears itch after a while of use.  But that is not a bad thing - if you're putting something in you ear you should wash it out of habit anyway.  I don't think I'll need to replace these any time soon, as they are sturdy, durable, and most of all the cord connecting both the earbud and the input  is wrapped in sturdy plastic to avoid the aforementioned issue.  However, should I need another pair for a gift or just because I want to have a back up in case I forget these - I will ONLY buy JBuds J5 Earbuds-style Headphones.  (Plus I dig the colors offered - black is so - not me)  JBuds you have made a 50 year old granny very very happy!!  Thank you for helping me get to sleep at night!
sound is fantastic -- very easy to fit with the variable earpiece sizes -- would definitely buy again if needed
Not so great. I don't recommend them. They have had a short in them (from one side to the other) since I purchased them. They look good and do a good job of cutting out external noise, but I could live without them.
I went through two of the lesser-quality jbud lines (cant remember which but one was like 9.99 and the other 19.99) in about 6 months each - both broke due to poor care on my part as a result of being very physically active.  These buds are made to take a beating.  I wouldn't let the ear pieces hit the deck from elevated locations, but I can run and exercise and ski/snowboard/mountainbike etc with these in and don't worry about the cord getting yanked or twisted, or the buds falling out.  Best rugged style earbud I've tried, and great sound quality.
The left earphone stopped working in a week. $30 wasted. Just buy the cheap headphones. The expensive ones break just as easily.
My son was happy to see this.  He said there is an on/off switch on the earbuds so you can turn them off and talk to someone without being rude
Feels kind cheap.  The build quality is so so.  Packed in a plastic bag with no extra protection.  The major issue is the static.  I think may be because it is built with metal and I am a person sensitive to static electricity.  First I heard static during calls.  Then it seriously hurt my ear.
After a long wait I got a very good headphone. I always carried the bulky Bose on my overseas trip, but on my last trip I use these and never missed my Bose. Great product at a great price. I bought one in Jan for $ 10 less and then when I was ordering the second one, same day the manufacturer increased the price by $ 10, which is not good.But then I had to use my Amazon savings card of $ 10.00, thanks to Amazon. Now my daughter is also enjoying these headphones.
After having the first set of earbuds, the left bud began mildly shocking my ear every now and then.  It was only two weeks after receiving them, so I received a replacement.  Now 6 weeks after getting the new set, the left earbud is completely out and will only work if the wire is held in a 90 degree angle.  I applied for a refund, but this seller only gives full refunds with 30 days.  They are offering half of the purchase price, and I pay for shipping.  No thanks.  It's a loss to me.  Don't trust this manufacturer!
I bought these headphones through a Groupon deal and I was amazed with the sound quality and comfy fit. I have an issue with all headphones where my left speaker always looses sound when I plug it into an ipod device. No matter what brand so I was highly dissapointed when it happened to my jlabs. I went on their website and entered the serial number, explained my issue and was sent a new pair at no cost. Extremely satisfied and now I bought myself the jlab Bomboras.
these headphones really do pick up any sound/movement.  Any wind or brushing up against my clothes, I can hear clearly.  It's similar to using a stethoscope.  It's gotten quite annoying.apple headphones are better.the sound when you talk on the phone is pretty bad.however, the quality of music with these earbuds are actually pretty good.  only good thing.
So I got these because I wanted some earphones that would stay in my ears when I'm on the eliptical at the gym. The first time I used them, they would not stay in for the life of me.I then took them home and tried some of the other rubber pads that came with it and found that I had needed one of the smaller sizes down for them to stay in my ears. Once I did that though, they seemed to stay in just fine.
I am not to tell the difference between good and really good, but these let me hear the music when I am mowing a lawn without having to turn them all the way up, and when my kids borrow them, They say they sound pretty good.  I used 1 pair for a year and a half, until I loaned them and they came back dead on 1 side.
The quality of these headphones is very good. The only issue I have with them, and most headphones, is that I wish the cord was a foot or so longer.
The product worked as I wIshed . They are small enough to fit in my ear and the sound is good
Bought these headphones for a friend as a birthday present and it's absolutely great. It comes with different size ear buds so it can fit any ear, it has volume control and the sound it great. I would definitely buy this product again.
I would've given it 5 stars but the plastic tips provided didn't fit my ear (even though multiple sizes were provided).  I used some old ones I had from the earbuds I was replacing and they work just fine. Coincidentally JLabs sells earbud tips.
Wonderful product it completely blocks out all the noise, but not to such an extent where you are unable to hear anything, unless you are of those individuals who tends to play music extremely loud.
I don't know if this is my laptop's problem, or the headphones or both, but they shock me from time to time which can be rather unpleasant, but not the end of the world. If your looking for strong bass and clear sound, then these ones are good for you, but keep in mind the product can be rather SHOCKING!
They had a really good sound for the price I paid, but unfortunately they split in half after a year.  I did work them pretty hard, and some krazy glue kept them going to a while longer.
I've tried quite a few earbuds for my iPhone and these are the ones that really work. To be more specific, I wanted some "in the ear" style that block out ambient noise, so they work pretty well on airplanes. Yes, I have a pair of those fancy noise-cancelling headsets but they are a lot bigger to carry around. These do the trick in a compact package.The other thing I value is durability. I am pretty hard on these things and the cheap ones come apart with just a little bit of use. The JBuds are sturdy and take the abuse.And its got the right 4-conductor plug for iPhone (and other smartphones).And they sound good, too.
This works pretty well. Overall a good pair of headphones. The bass is more controlled than the jbud j3 that ive had before. but j3 still has more bass. the j5 is not that bass heavy. The sound is clear, but not for what its price was. Overall its just a good pair of earbuds. I would definitely recommend getting one.
First pair of ear buds other then the ones sent with the portable players that I have. Remarkable difference in clarity with these. I'm not a music buff, but I do listen to many books and these have made a great difference.
For the price these ear buds are outstanding. The sound quality is great and they fit perfect in my ears without causing any pain and do not fall out when I run.
I hadn't been a fan of earbuds until I got these.  They're great on cutting out outside noise, and deliver great sound quality while still being very reasonably priced.
I ordered these headphones during the Black friday shopping event. The headphones are of nice quality and the sound is very good. But they came without medium the 2nd medium earpiece. There were 2 small and 2 large ear buds but only 1 medium. So I wrote a complain 1 month ago on Amazon and never got a response.
Louder and more bass.  Makes songs i was getting tired of sound way better.  recommend at this price for sure.  great
They work better than the previous pair I ordered. My sister loves them. I got them for her for Christmas.
Bought this based on my sister in law recommendation and reviews on Amazon. Worked fine at first then right ear bud stopped working two weeks after purchase so I had to return for refund.
These are some of the best earphones I have ever used.  We are currently using them with our Church In-Ear-Monitor system and the sond quality is excellent.  I play both guitar and bass, and with other earphones, I would hear a lot of tintiness in the sounds, escecailly while playing the bass.  With these, it's almost as good as the Sub-woofer that the houese hears.
The  JBuds J5M Earbud-Style Metal Earbuds Style Headphones with Mic work very comfortable to wear for long periods and work well with Kindle Fire 8.9 and other devices.
Found the sound to be quite clear after the burn in recommended by JLab. I certainly aint no audio expert but I do enjoy a variety of genres/styles and to me the treble was really distinct (i enjoy hearing the sounds of cymbals and the like,) don't care for base, and the high's of some of the musical symphonies were gorgeous. I also found the vocals on some tracks to be extremely clear. -I've been very satisfied with the quality of such low priced ear buds - definitely recommending to friends and family.I am also very satisfied with the quality of JLab Audio's customer service. I have had the ear casing from one of my ear buds dis-attach itself from the housing and JLab's simple warranty steps on their website was seamless - even letting me pick out a different color in the process! (I'm pointing this out because I read some negative reviews on their customer service on various models of the J's series, and have to disagree with the experiences of others.)Update April 21,2013Issue with no sound in one of the earbuds within 2 months.Unfortunately I can't vouch for the durability of these earphones, after having a problem with one of the ear-bud's sound quitting on me app. a month and a half after I bought them(after no special occasion - wasn't yanked or pulled or drowned) I went through the warranty process and received a new pair three weeks later(one week to send it to repair center, 2 weeks - 10 business days - to process and then ship out). I was very grateful till the same thing happened to the pair I had just received as the warranty exchange. One of the sides just quit, I found it hard to believe being that that was the exact reason I had returned my previous pair. OK maybe 2 pairs were defective- my bad luck. Went online,filled out the warranty exchange and sent them back, after waiting three weeks, I received a new pair.2/3 weeks later one of the sides conked out on me randomly again. Now sometimes I get lucky and am able to enjoy music in both ears, other times I have to settle for half the audio experience!I am tired of packing up airbuds and shipping them out, then waiting for Jlab to process and ship them out via snail mail (as I said it takes about 3 weeks).I'm going to try out another company with a good warranty that you hopefully don't have to  test as often as I have done with Jlab.I believe it's a gamble with them, the sound is pretty good (for an the uninitiated/ novice -like me)however you might not get much use out of them,By contrast my J3's have lasted for 6 months with heavy usage and I love them, though they are slightly bulkier in the ear which is why I  went for the J5's rounder, slimmer design. In my experience, it has taught me that "new" does not equal better.
It was available for $12.90 on Amazon for a short time.  This model/color is normally around $20.Very high quality and high value at 2 - 3 times the price.I like the JLABs buds for their ruggedness.  They last must longer than most.My oldest daughter can go through a set of $20-30 Sony's in a week or two.Her J4's have lasted several months unscathed.The J5's aren't quite as rugged as the J4's but still pretty tough.
Cheap, comfortable, and they sound great. They shipped super fast. Not much else to say, If you are looking for quality earbuds, look no further!
These sound good for the price, but I used them only three times before the cord split from the plug. If it was a straight plug I think they would last much longer. I like to keep my phone in my pocket to listen to music and podcasts, the weird angle of the plug made the cord pull out from the movement of me walking. I'm dissapointed because they sound great for the price.
Pleasantly surprised by the clean sound quality,  a little light on bass.Kevlar cables are great, almost tangle proof.Pick your colors and get a set!
This will be my last pair of JBuds.  I used to swear by them and recommend them to anybody who would listen but after having 3 pair(1 set of J3s, 1 J4, 1 J5) fail recently, I'm done with the brand.  Surprisingly one of my first pair of J3s still work great after countless hours of sweat and abuse from running while still sounding great.  My latest J5s didn't even make it to the first run.  They lasted 5 hours then the sound started breaking up in one ear bud.  Their life started with a few hours of moderate volume break in using the JLab burn-in player then some music played through them over a few days.  Now they're going into the trash can right next to my J4s that are still in there(Hey, my work doesn't have daily trash pickup from our cubes).Regardless of the warranty, it's not worth my time to ship back a pair of $15 ear buds(got them on sale here).(Updated 12/2/13)Well I decided to try another pair just because the cost is low and they do sound great when they work.  Unfortunately it was a waste of another $20 as these failed within 4 weeks of purchase.  This pair was my dedicated to use at my office desk and yet they still failed without being subjected to any harsh use.  It appears the connector is culprit as they worked for a bit then started getting some static in the left earbud.  Wiggling the connector caused the audio to return to normal but this only worked for a bit before audio eventually stopped.
These really give you the bang for your buck!  I am beyond impressed with the sound quality out of these earbuds for the price I paid here on Amazon!
So I wanted something with a bit of bass kick and something that was noise-cancelling but nothing too big like the over ear headphones. These little guys are amazing. I have bought 4 sets now.
I have been using the JBuds J5M for over 3 months and I love them. The sleek design and pumping volume and bass in these earbuds make them amazing. I have tried the ifrogz and the apple earpods and the Juds surpass them by a landslide. When I buy earbuds I expect them to fit in my ear. With 3 different earbud sizes the JBuds once again meet and surpass my expectations.i would recommend these JBuds to anyone.
I received these as a gift for Christmas.  I had been using a pair of Samsung ear buds that came with my old cell phone but they're starting to wear out.  I finally got around to switching to these  today and immediately noticed that the volume in the left earbud has a noticeably lower volume.  I thought the volume difference might be the device I was using (Nokia Lumia 920), so I plugged them into my computer and it has the same problem.  I guess I need to get them replaced - so my review can be summed up by 3 words.Dead on arrival.Update:I received the replacement earbuds and they're working much better.They sound great.  Despite the quality assurance issue I experienced with the first pair.
I bought these because I needed set of headphones adjustable for a smaller ear. Overall, I'm pleased but the metal on them makes them uncomfortable for extended wear.
These are super comfortable, have 3 sizes, and produce great sound. I was deciding between these and headphones in the $200 range - so far these have been great.Sound quality is great for music and phone calls, the microphone picks up really well, and there is a play/pause button at the microphone. My only gripe is there is not volume control. While working out or commuting, you still have to change volume on your phone
Great for my run and biking trips, and also for my kindle fire as well. These sounds incredible like none that I've had before.
I love this earphone they are Super-B! They have  a slim feeling and they don't look like they'll snap into two. It fit all my expectations and the price was not outrageous! They also came with silicones from size small to large and so they actually fit my unique ear! it works on an iPhone! If i would advice anyone to buy earphones.. well these are it! Trust me you will not regret it!
These Jbuds produce very good and honest sound. My only criticism is the metal design of these earbuds: when tossed into a pocket with your phone, they may scratch the screen. Perhaps an upgrade for the next generation would be a hard-plastic shell.
Simple, but great headphones. They have different ear bud sizes, and deliver decent sound for being an ear bud. I recommend!
This product is okay. The sound is decent and the clarity is okay as well. It is okay for the price I paid but expected it to have been better over all. These are really no differnt then the other headphones I had. They do have a nice look and they fit well.
There is a lot of great sound in this little package.  We just received them so I don't know how long they will last.  Hopefully longer than the last pairs (not J buds) we received.
I don't like over the ear or on-ear headphones, they give me headaches quick,  I was able to snag a few pairs of the JBuds earbuds from Amazon Lightning Deal for a really low price, so I thought I would post my quick review for the J3 and J5m.-------------------JBUDS J3-------------------SOUND *Highs 3/5 *Mids  3/5 *Lows  3/5COMFORT 4/5BUILD 3/5 - No anti-tangle cable/cord, really, ugh. Cord gets tangled very easily. Cheap wiring used.QUICK REVIEW:For the $14 I spent on these, they HIGHLY surprised me in comparison to other earbuds for even $40 or less. I have tried other headphones like the KLIPSCH Image S4's for $60 and even these sound better than those more expensive earbuds for a fraction of the cost. The Highs, and mids were very surprisingly crisp and clear while the lows were very low. Even though no audiophile or extreme audio enthusiast would be happy with these, but anyone who like and enjoys music and sound for a cheap cost, I highly recommend these.-------------------JBUDS J5M-------------------SOUND *Highs 4/5 *Mids  4/5 *Lows  4/5COMFORT 4/5 -BUILD 4/5 - No anti-tangle cable/cord, really, ugh. Cord gets tangled very easily. Cheap wiring used. Built better than the J3s however and with an added Mic and Audio controls is a bonus.QUICK REVIEW:For $19 I was able to snag the JBUDS J5M. These definitely sound better than the J3s but not anything too significant. The most noticeable areas of improvement were in the Highs and Mids and cleaner lows, but still very strong lows. Cleaner, crisper Highs and Mids make these a steal for $19, not even $80 earbuds I've tried sound as good as these and at three/four times the cost. I can highly recommend these to any audio enthusiasts and music lover. With the added Mic and Audio controls make this a clear winner for $30 or less. They even rival earbuds three times their cost.
I had a good experience with the earbuds I purchased- I was surprised by the price but understood why once I received them in the mail.  They are good quality and will last a long time.
I read the reviews, and thought to myself that they had to be good and would be worth the money... they blow. one bud is 4 times louder than the other. absolutely no bass. terrible sound quality. waste of money. My brother got a pair of 8 dollar earphones and they sound great compared to these. This purchase was s disappointing.
Saw these on sale and needed another set. Really impressed with the sound, a fuller sound than the other two sets I own.
I opened up my ear buds last night and was very pleased.  They stayed in my ear during a 20 minute jog on the treadmill.  This is the first pair of earbuds I've had that did not fall out on a run.  The sound quality is very good and there is plenty bass.  I am very happy with my purchase as the value is tremendous.
This is my moms account but I ordered the headphones as I needed new ones to replace my old pair, so I decided to write a review about them. I have been using them now for awhile and have to say these are the best headphones I've ever used, they didn't even need a break-in period atleast not for me. The bass is very good and overall sound quality is something I wouldn't have expected, as I like many others have said have owned some of the more expensive headphones in the past and man, these earbuds outperform any of them.Pros:1. Good sound quality, voices are crisp and the bass is really fantastic, it really does enhance my music a lot.2. The headphones work great with both my MP3 Player and Laptop Computer.3. The noise canceling part of the headphones is great, when using them people around me literally have to tap me on the shoulder to get my attention, probably not so great if driving but for what I use them for this is perfect. (I use headphones at night when setting up and working on the computer, so this feature really comes in handy so I don't disturb those around me)4. These things are great if you have quiet speakers as well, I usually keep my volume on the laptop set to around 40-47 but with these I have to set it down to about 24 or 25! They allow me to hear stuff better, and like I said above seem to enhance my music quiet a lot which is nice.5. They don't feel cheap either or atleast they don't to me, I would recommend these to my friends and family if they needed headphones, I half expected to get a cheap pair of headphones that would break fairly quickly after reading a few reviews...Thankfully I decided to take the plunge and purchase them anyway, and have to say I am very satisfied with the purchase and commend JLab for making a quality pair of headphones and keeping them affordable as well.Cons:I've been using the headphones for about 2 and a half days now mainly on my laptop and I have to say, they have outperformed what even I expected when ordering them, so as to say I haven't seen any of it's flaws yet would be to the point. I truly haven't got anything to add to the Cons list, as I am completely satisfied with my purchase.I hope this review is helpful to those on the fence about whether or not to buy this product, thanks for reading!Update: 1/5/2013I have had these Earbuds for only about 2 weeks and they have already shorted out on one side, no matter what I do that side refuses to play any sound, they were great in sound quality but other reviewers here ultimately turned out to be right...They short out way too fast and listening to one sided earbuds isn't a joy at all, now I wish I had gone with my gut instinct.Mind you my opinion on the sound quality hasn't changed they are still the best of what I have owned, however in light of the fact they wear out so fast I cannot in good standing recommend them to anyone, I recommend you listen to the people who say these Buds will short out soon after you purchase them...Take it from me, a person who decided to not listen and buy them anyway, they are telling the truth.Update: 1/11/2013I sent a request to JLabs in order to get a replacement pair of earbuds, I will further update the review when I receive the replacement pair to see if they work better, I will give them about a week in a half to see if they last longer than my first pair.Update: 1/17/2013I just received my replacement Earbuds and as soon as I put them on (Unlike my first pair) the quality of the sound was clear, the bass came through very well and vocals were very crisp and clear! I am satisfied with that part, yet that wasn't really the problem as my first pair decided to stop working after just 2 weeks but I will give JLabs the benefit of the doubt, only time can tell though as to whether or not this pair lasts longer than the others. Right now though, the product is back to 5 star quality.
These ear buds have great sound but the left ear bud stopped working within the first hour I got it........
I bought two pair about six months apart.  The first set was for my Kindle Fire and they work great.  The speaker on the Fire is pretty low but these critters can blast out.  The second set was for my wifes Fire, again no complaints.The issues I found strange were the ones about the cables breaking and the colors do not match the photo:  I have worked in electronics for many years and one should never use cords to remove earphones due to breakage.  The second is screen vs. real colors.  Just adjust your monitor to whatever and complain.  It must be very difficult to be a fashionista.
I have purchased a number of different kinds of headsets to use with my cellphones throughout the years, but none feel better or sound better than these.  And who is going to quibble about the price, anyway?  Unless someone is ready to spend twenty times the money, you're not going to get a headset that sounds better or feels better in your ears.
Sounds horrible, way too heavy on the bass. So heavy you cant really hear words. In addition the right ear bud quit working in less than a month.
My first pair of headphones was the in ear bose headphones. While I enjoyed 3 years out of my bose headphones, I thought there had to be just as good headphones for cheaper price. Since then I have owned a few $50-75 v-modas because I enjoy a bit of bass.These Jbuds j5 are suggested retail at $65.95. After reading a lot of positive views and seeing a deal for $19, I jumped on the deal.I am truly disappointed in the sound quality of the headphones. I think a fair price for these headphones would be $9.99. My standard headphone that comes with the Galaxy SIII sound just as good, if not better, than the J5s. If you're planning to buy these, thinking you're getting a great deal for $65 headphones... think again. They aren't super bright, clear, or big on bass; it basically sounds flat. (Btw I've been using these headphones 4-5 hours a day since I bought them 3 weeks ago; I also did a 24 hour "burn in")
I'm a long time buyer of JLAB's earphones, but I'm rough on them due to my job(farm). I'm probably close to double digits in pairs purchased. I snap cords and yank the drivers out of the body and worse. These are holding up well to me so far and and sound as good as my beloved j3's. Will continue to buy them for the price/performance.
microphone doesnt work, super annoying. people I call say that It is really static-y and that they cant understand me.
These come with several different size attachments so you can find something comfortable for your particular ear canal.  Having said that, I can only wear this type of earbud (or any safety earplugs, too, for that matter) for a few hours before I get a little bit of a headache.  I listen to music at low volume, so I don't think it's that; perhaps I'm not used to such strong bass in earbuds.
These are a great pair of earbuds all the people that stay that they are not worth upgrading from the j3 are wrong I have Both and did a comparison the j5s have cleaner crisper sound with more bass and some people say that they don't last vary long I have had a pair of j5s for almost a year and I am ordering a mother pair because I dropped them in my dogs water bowl that was my fault not a problem with the product they where working just fine befor I dropped them in the water they are worth the price they are a good product I have always been happy with jlab products and will be ordering another pair
I`ve owned many in ear or on ear headphones, and believe the Sennheiser HD600`s to be the best bang for the buck, but these things are awesome at this price point. I`ve purchased Shure, Klipsch et al and they suck in comparison to this reasonably priced pair of ear phones.
I don't normally write reviews but these are so bad I feel obligated.  In all fairness the sound from these ear buds isn't all that bad if you can sit perfectly still not moving or even breathing.  The problem is the design and material used to make the cord.  When wearing these the tiniest touch or interaction with the cord sounds like explosions in your ear.  You feel like you are wearing a doctor's stethoscope.  Even the cord rubbing against your shirt or collar while you breath sounds like horses stampeding through your ears.  I have tried repeatedly to give these buds a fair go but I am repeatedly severely irritated every time I try to use them.  I have tossed them in the garbage and am going to order something else.
Perfect to fit in my new travel case tp listen to my favorite music and audio books. Now I dan be in my own little world.
They fit beautifully, offer a really impressive amount of outside noise reduction and the sound quality is superb.  All in all I like these a lot.  I have had Bose headphones which were wonderful... but for the price, not so much!
When I first got these headphones the sound quality was amazing. I'm used to using cheap ear buds for music listening. About a month later the left headphone lost audio. I just went on there web site and submitted a claim and ten sent me a new pair FREE. If your looking for a better earbud than the apple pack-in or similar, pay the extra money for the J5s. They're worth it
great sound. you can actually hear the bass. well worth the money. the cord is a tad bit short, but other that i love them.
The bass response is quite tight and very imoressive.  I think they wil last to,  Theses are awesome. there's not much moer I can say?
very nice  earphones for my kindle fire and enjoy using them and would recomend is item for ear phones easy to use
These little buds are comfortable and the sound is ok. Bass is ok along with mids and highs. Meets my needs.
I have only used these ear buds maybe 10 times and the part that plugs into your device (I-pod, etc) shorted out and have to keep messing with it to get both channels! I am ready to throw them out, so anyone considering bying a set DON'T!!
I gave this a 1 star because 1. the microphone and audio remote do not work at all so these canot be used for phone calls, only for listening to music; 2. the cords, when rubbed against your clothing or each other,  make noise in the earphones, which interferes with music or talking (if these could be used for talking).  The earphones themselves are comfortable in the ear.
These are the best ear buds I have used. Jlab has amazing customer service. I have a set of ear buds that are licensed by a performer and these BEAT the crap out of them.
They look better than i expected, so tiny and the sound has really high definition. But one side stopped working 5 minutes after i pulled them out of the box.I don't know how often this happen, but i believe it's not that much.
A very nice pair of ear buds. Came with different sizes of ear pads and spares. The microphone is good quality and it even included a pin to hook it up to the shirt collar. Overall I am very satisfied with the sound quality after having burned the phones and given the fact that it comes with a year's worth of warranty, i definitely think it is worth the price paid for it.
After replacing my J3's, I got a try of these after going through their "burn-in" period.I gotta say, these things are great!  Went through warranty once (JLAB replaced them adequately) due to one dead ear bud, however.A note to those looking to upgrade their J3's These things are a bit louder.  I dropped my volume from 16 (J3) to 12 (J5) to compensate the difference.Sound quality?  After comparing they seem to be better (hard to put into words).  Less bass, but a "fuller" sound.On a random note, I'd reccommend getting their JLAB JBuds Pro Tips Double Flange Noise Isolating Silicone Replacement Buds-Style Cushions for Earbuds / In-Ear Earphones - Small / Medium / Large - Black.
Noise isolating, loud, deep bass, strong treble, durable, and sure as hell comfortable. These headphones are the only headphones i will buy on the market. I have tried nearly all brands (professional and not) and for the price these are kicking!
great sound when playing music or Videos. Some reason the call quality is not so good. Very low and only treble sounds like all mids and bass turned off
I used my JLab J3s off and on for about 3 years, lent them to my girlfriend and she didn't want to give them up. Decided to purchase these on one of the Cyber Monday Lightning Deals and they are fantastic. I purchased the isolation buds as well ( JLAB JBuds Pro Tips Double Flange Noise Isolating Silicone Replacement Buds-Style Cushions for Earbuds / In-Ear Earphones - Small / Medium / Large - Black ) and they were a good choice. Although I don't plan on using these to exercise, they don't fall out my ears like normal designs typically do. I recommend both products, at least for a casual listener!
The earbuds look quite solid, especially at the angle plug, which is definitely a + when you usually have your MP3 player or whatnot in your pocket. However, I noticed a systematic crackling noise even at the first use, when listening to podcasts or music (I used it on a iPod Nano and an iPod Touch). So, buy it if you don't worry too much about the sound (I don't really mind, especially for podcasts)
I have had the in-ear headphones for a week and decided to do a review on them sharing my opinion.Pros:-The 3.5 mm 45 degree gold plated jack. In my opinion and find the straight cable and 90 degree jacks break way too easily.-They give you FOUR different size ear molds instead of the average small, medium, large.-It comes with a clip so if i take off my ear phones they won't dangle on the floor and get messed up.-They come in a slick design that isn't too ''showy'' for those who don't want to stand out from the crowd. Yet they're not the average 'apple ear phones'.-Cuts out quit a bit of noiseCons:-THIN wire = NOT tangle free.-Does not come with a carrying case like other Jbud products. Though not surprised considering the price for which I got them 25 CAN dollars (on special)-I don't like the ruberised materiel, because it causes to much friction when pullying it out of a bag or pocket.-creates some kind of clicking noise sometimes when listening.-ear-bud fall out occasionally, but not frequently.Sound:-Good base, but not overpowering-Relatively good mids and highs good enough for the average consumer.-Does not get 'muddy'until the volume is raised to about 90% which is superbe.Over all: Good sound, pretty good build, but that is to be expected in this price range. Random clicking noises and occasionally falls out. All in all a good product in this price range.Thanks to those who have read all the way here.I will be doing another review in about 3 month.
In my opinion these are good but not fantastic. I bought these using a gift card during the $35 sale so I got a fairly good deal. At first glance I wasn't impressed; they came in a cheap foil and plastic case (almost like they came from some kind of a vending machine) and looked pretty cheap and plastic-y, definitely not worth the $65 they usually charge. When I took them out of the packaging they weren't nearly as bad as I'd thought, it turns out what I thought was cheap plastic was actually painted metal and they seemed pretty durable, or at least more so than the 2 pairs of J3's that I previously owned.At first i was disappointed by the sound quality (they sounded exactly the same as my skullcandies, which were less than 1/4 the advertised cost of these and had just as many features) but then I realized that TuneIn Radio has low sound quality and as a result there wasn't really much to improve on. After testing it with a higher quality music service I decided that they were better in quality (not $50 worth of better, but better nonetheless), although I'm not really the best judge of sound quality compared to most other people.Point is: They're better than they look, and the sound quality is better than cheaper brands of headphones, but I'm not sure if the increase in quality is worth all of the extra money.
Love them, nice fit and great sound no problems at all Highly recommend them.Can't say enough nice things about them
These earphones, are impressive to say the least. Coming from an audiophile and sound/audio engineer, that's saying a lot. I that these would be an upgrade from my...broken J3's, but I didn't know they would be such a monumental upgrade.My personal thoughts:Pros:Can handle High bass levels, very impressively (If hardware/software supports high outputs).The mids sound crisp.I find myself using the included clip quite frequently.Very comfortable, to the point where I forget I am wearing them.BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE. EVER.Cons:I hate to say it, but if there's a lot of treble (highs), such as a song with lots of drum symbols, the highs can be painful to listen to, and very washed out.Overall, these are THE BEST earphones for the price. I would go as far to say, that they are high end earphones, with a low end price tag.
I would recommend this purchase it has great quality of sound.  It seems like the outside noise is blocked out and all you hear is what you've chose to hear from your device.
Liked the product. Worth the discounted price.I did not like the color when i viewed it first, but once I got used to it a couple of days, I like the color and the look of it. Fits well within ears and does hold most of the volume.
These headphones deliver great sound quality.  There is great balance between the highs and lows.  Crystal clear sound that is not muddy but instead very clear.  The earplugs are very comfortable.  I love these!!
The right speaker died after 6 months of very gentle use. I only used them while sitting at my desk at work. I expected more from headphones at this price point.
I've had these phones going through about 20 hours of break-in so far, though I haven't been listening to them the whole time.  Overall clarity and stereo separation are really good - not earth-shattering, but very good.  Response is warm, but crisp.  These are not flat-EQ, reference-style phones; they have a boosted bass frequency response, typical of most modern consumer-grade headphones and earbuds.Construction appears solid, with thicker, flexible rubber grommets at all joint points that should last under normal use.  The 45 degree angle on the 1/8" jack is different and seems like a good idea - a good compromise between a straight jack and a 90 degree angle.The foil-bag packaging is minimalist, and there are a total of 4 different sized ear gaskets to fit all ear types snugly, as well as a lapel clip in matching color.Overall, I am so far pleased with the purchase and look forward to several years of quality, comfortable listening.
Sound is better than I expected. The quality looks solid, good price. The base is clear and defines and the over-all sound is clean. I would purchase these again. Love it!
Aside from some initial difficulty finding out which size of the rubber part to use, they have work quite well. Audio is great, far better than my previous headphones, and they do a nice job blocking external sounds that may be distracting. They are also fairly durable, having survived my cat so far without any visible damage, my previous phones had some electrical tape on the cords covering bite marks. I have found that my ears will feel itchy after extended use, which may just mean I am using my computer too much.Pros:+ Good quality sound+ Durable, cat has yet to chew through them+ Blocks sound well+ Mic quality is better than my laptops built in mic (too bad I can't use it for that!)Cons:-- Makes ears itch after extended use- The larger rubber bits keep out sound much better, but become uncomfortable faster- The mic works with cell phones, but not with a laptop (requires an adaptor)Over all great, would give 5 stars if they were slightly more comfortable.
EDIT 10/16/2012: Ok, so a JLAB representative contacted me about the problem and offered to work something out right away. Unfortunately, the buds are in the trash. I have to admit, I'm impressed with JLabs customer service. They obviously care about their reputation which is a good thing. So... 3 more stars for their customer service:DAfter a while of use, the metal bands right below the rubber ear cups are electrocuting me sporadically! Quiet painful and irritating! I'm guessing something fell apart inside which in itself is a poor testament to quality!
These earbuds are very good! It was 100% worth the money and I'm not paying $250.00 for Beats when I can get the same great sound as these. The microphone works fine on it as well for your cell phone or your laptop. They are noise cancelling, so I can't hear the sound of my mom talking on the phone or my cats meowing. I love these earbuds alot. The shipping on them was VERY fast, I ordered the free shipping and it came within 3 days! The cord is fairly long, so that helps as well. Very good sound quality as well and huge bass that shakes the buds. I definitely recommend these earbuds! They also go loud and they let out tons of awesome sounding bass. They get all lows, mids, and highs with the sound and the bass. Quite hard to beat. Here's my rating...Sound Quality: 9/10- The sound quality is great at low to mid volume.Bass: 9.5/10- The bass is crazy! It is very crisp and clear and goes from about 15Hz-95Hz with no distortion.Treble: 8.5/10 The treble is just right which makes the sound quality better.Loudness: 10/10- Loud as crap! They won't blow at high volume.Clearness: 8.5/10- Very good clarity and you can hear everythingDurability: 9/10- They are quite durable, I wad them up in my pocket alot and they are always fine.
I really do like these earbuds... They are very comfortable in my ears and the sound is fantastic! The only thing I don't like is that every time I move or touch the wires, I can hear it in the earphones. It's very noisy. Don't know why this happens, but unless you are completely still, you will get that feedback or whatever the noise is in your ears.
After a few month of usage, the plug connector is broken(due to the bad pistol shape design I guess).And a week after that, the headphone piece is also broken to pieces, I have to buy Krazy Glue from dollar store to glue them back together.I still give 2 stars due to the sound quality is OK, regardless the bad overall build quality.
J Buds are comfortable and the sound is excellant. The one problem is the cord rubbing on my clothing makes an annoyingsound.
Really I should have just picked a known source to buy my earphones. These weren't worth it. I had them for about a month before they broke. The warranty said "good for up to a year", but at least take some pride in your work. Never again.
They do not stay in my ears as I was lead to believe they would be great during exercise.  Apple has much better earbuds.  Pretty they are but not practical.
Bought these about 6 months ago and they worked well and sounded good for a month or so until the sound from the left ear started fading away and stopped working completely. Went through the warranty online and they sent me another pair no charge, no shipping fee(the main reason why I gave them 2 stars). The other pair worked well for about 3-4 months, after 4 months the sound from the left ear started fading again and I threw them somewhere and have never picked em up since. I didn't bother going through the warranty process again. Just to point out that I took good care of them since they were the first pair of decent earphones I purchased, however they always seemed a little hollow at the earpiece like a wrong drop would break em.I know they seem like a good deal at 50% off for $30, but unless you want to try your luck look somewhere else.
These are not the best earphones I have used.  However, for he price, these are a great but. I got the gray one but would have preferred the red and black one. Great sound for the prixe
The quality is not so great from the start but I was ok with these and continued using them. Just finished 2 months of using these and believe me I haven't used them much and my right ear phone to which the mic is attached is not working. Even the ear buds were pretty loose and keep falling often. Seriously very unsatisfied with the product
3 Orders = 3 Defective Headphones.  I have ordered this item on 3 separate occasions: December 14, 2011; September 13, 2012; and October 2, 2012.  Each set of headphones has had the same problem -- one of the buds completely loses sound.  The first time I lost sound in one of the buds I thought it was perhaps because I hadn't taken good enough care of the headphones.  I eventually reordered the headphones and also bought a case specifically to take better care of the set.  Within a week the new set also failed in one ear.  I set up a return / exchange process with Amazon.  Upon receiving the new set one ear also failed within 2 weeks (I never even used the latter 2 pairs in the gym or while running).  Very hard to believe that the failure of 3 out of 3 headphones, in the exact same manner, isn't indicative of a serious defect with this product.While they lasted the quality was pretty good, but given my experience I would highly recommend against purchasing this item.
I have been a JLab fan for a few years now keeping up with many of their newer models and generally enjoying what they provide.  unfortunately an increasingly apparent trend of support not for their products but their warranty service became evident to me recently.  on several occasions now I've received headphones that either do not work or fail within a handful of days.  The company is usually very good about replacing these defects while insisting that it is uncommon however that has not been my empirical experience.  When they work these are great headphones, but it might take patience and several sets before you get to really enjoy them.
Best sound I've heard from earbuds, best fit too.  The sounds transmitted through the cord are only a issue is listening to very soft music.  If your anything like me and listen to metal, dubstep, or anything loud you'll love these.  Also I wrap the cord over my ear before inserting the earbud, helps reduce the cord noise.  I am skeptical of how long they will last after reading several dissapointed reviews (had them 3 days now) so will update if something happens.Update:Been 3 months now and they still work good, however I've been shocked about 5-6 times by the metal casing.  Don't know how that can happen and they still work but its quite a jolt, makes me yell obscenities in the office when it happens.  So I guess these headphones are NSFW haha.  Still sound great though and generally comfortable.
That's about it. They work, they sound alright (I'm no audiophile), the mic works for making calls on a smartphone.
THese headphones are pretty good for the price you pay.  I did have some trouble with buzzing; I thought it would go away after I listened to a couple hours of music and broke them in, but it stayed the same.  It may have just been a defective pair- I returned them (originally in blue) and got the black ones and I've had great luck with them ever since.
I've personally used the Jlab J5 earbuds. They work great, especially for mobile devices as there's a button and microphone that you can use to pick up a phone call mid-work out session. I also love that they come in several colors. I chose pink and it matches my Droid! They're stylish and easily fit into your ear comfortably, they come with extra ear pieces for optimal comfort. I'm going to be using these so much this summer when I start going for more walks by myself again.
I got these headphones on one of the lightning deals on Black Friday on Amazon.com. I can safely say that these are well worth the price. Firstly, the design is very good at least for my ears. They fit in perfectly well with the "earbuds-style". Very strong grip. Normally, I've noticed with other earphones that aren't of this design, the earphones keep on slipping out your ears. Not with these. I definitely prefer the extra grip that this design gives. Secondly, as far as the sound clarity is concerned, I primarily wanted to use these for listening to music and video chat type applications. For music, I think the sound is very crisp and loud. I think the design helps in this also (considering they fit well inside your ear and hence, your ear picks up the sound from very close). I tried listening to different types of music (hard rock, metal, acoustic, house music, etc.) and the sound quality is generally good across all these varying styles. Therefore, definitely recommended as far as quality of sound is concerned. However, there are potentially two cons. Firstly, the sound may be too loud for your ears at times. Therefore, i would recommend using these at a lower volume. Otherwise, you might end up getting a headache. Secondly, I'm not too sure how sturdy is the construction. Although these come with an extra pair of Earbuds, but I'm not sure how long will the original ones last. I've had earphones of this type, and it has always been a concern for me. However, I'm fairly satisfied with my purchase. 4 stars.
These are light weight so they are easy to carry around and run/skateboard/bike with. The sound is always loud and clear. the cord is thick enough so that they never get very tangled. I like the 45 deg plug, it seems to put less stress on the cord. Most of my previous headphones have stopped working in one side because of stress on the plug. I have had these for a few months of moderate to heavy use with no problems yet.
I think it is just stating the obvious to say that we all have different opinions about music reproduction. There are two camps- minimal coloration from the speaker/headphone/earbuds (like my Etymotics ER-4s, which I love, but are over $250) and those that think they can profile the sound curve better than the source music. These headphones are the latter type, but they do a very good job of reshaping the sound curve with a bit more bass and clear separation on the treble. Each has its place, but I would say that most people would probably prefer something with a little more depth than a true unmodified sound, which can sound "thin" and single dimensional to most people. If you fit in this category, these earbuds have great sound, and the price is really fantastic for the quality. Also, I had a problem with one ear cutting out, and customer service was fantastic- they just sent me out a new pair, and didn't even make me go through the hassle of sending my old ones back! All in all, with the caveats above based on the type of sound you are looking for, I would highly reccomend them...
I had the headphones for only a few months when one ear stopped working. A waste of money, very disappointed.
Can't explain how happy I have been with these headphones. The sound quality and fit are brilliant! I really enjoy using these on workouts and on my way to work.
It's decent for it's price. It sounds really good but I think the bass is a little too much. It is not balanced well. When watching a movie, especially during the action scenes and what not the bass would be strong to the point that I can't quite make out the dialogue. This was also mentioned in another review, and it probably is an issue with other earphones as well, not just this, but it is really loud when the cable rubs together. It makes a lot of noise inside your ears. Other than these issues, I think these earphones are decent for their price.
I've seen so many reviews, and then so many comments by jbuds rep commenting, which is mostly lip service.I'll go over a few of the things most of us look for in an in ear phone.Comfort, since I bought the J4 and J5 at the same time, the only good thing I can say about the J5 tips, is their not quite as bad as the J4 tips, both are very rubbery and not very soft or supple,compare them to a sony hybrid tip, and you'll see what I meanWires, more conductive of small movements than most, and they tangle worse than mnost.Sound, Bass/mids/treble all seem out of place. No instruments have a natural timbre. Voices should be far better, the lower mids are subdued, the upper mids are forward.Bottom line, there are dozens of similar products that cost less and sound better, and are more comfortable.My advice, don't waste a dime on jbuds products, I sent off an email asking a question that would be typical for a person buying in ear phones for the first time, no reply.  So.....Page, don't bother with your lip service on my review
Within the first week of having these headphones, the right headphone stopped producing any sound under extremely light usage.Having had JBuds (J2s) before which worked, I'm not sure if it's this generation or this individual pair, but I can only recommend that no one else make the mistake of purchasing this product.
I was having a problem with my eye and couldn't read so haveing purchase the earbuds and the fact that kindle reads for you I was able to hear and finish my book.  It fits very comfortable and I could read in private.  I also loved the color.
I've been using JBuds for a while. I upgraded to the J5 because my old J3s finally died. At this price point, I'd take nearly anything that output sound without static and tons of white noise. These earbuds go above and beyond. They have great range compared to other earbuds I've used in the past.The reason I'm giving them 4 stars is because sometimes if I go running, you can hear the cord bouncing off my chest. Like, the reverberations make this deep sound in the earbuds, which are annoying. It doesn't happen all the time, though.
I have had 2 pairs of these now and both have not worked on my Creative mp3 player which is listed as being supported. The only way that I can get audio to work is by holding the microphone button down and everything sounds great. That is unacceptable. I returned the first pair thinking it was a problem with that pair, but alas that was not the case. The only reason I gave them two stars is because they are fully functional on my phone, tablet, and pc. The problem is that I use my mp3 player the more than the other 3 combined. Very disappointed with these headphones especially since I have had success with JLab before. Not sure I would buy another product from them again.
I received this package, gave it to my 12 year old daughter for her use, and then the left earbud dies out the next day!  I wish I had saved the warranty. I wasn't expecting a defective item.
Two weeks after I started using them and they are already falling apart.  The right ear casing comes loose every time I take it out of my ear now and it's only a matter of time before it gets worse. I would stick with the much more inexpensive and yet sturdier J2 model or go with a different brand.
I had nothing but problems with these headphones the same goes for the j2, I would say just stay away from anything that says jlab, and everything they sell is crap.
These head phones are great. Super clarity and deep base. Have not had any problems, and have no problem recommending them.
Have owned a pair of JLab J3Ms for the past 3 years. After the first pair died during the warranty period I got a quick replacement and some excellent customer service. After a year of abuse, including surviving a few run-ins with the washer/drier my replacement pair decided to die. Quite satisfied with the product's performance and quality in conjunction with it's relatively low price I decided to upgrade to a pair of J5MsAudio quality is excellent out of the box, can't wait to see how it sounds after the burn in period. Wires seem a little beefier than the J3Ms, should stand up to many trips to the gym in my pocket no problem. Got the sneaker head color scheme, rather than my previous black color, Looks pretty cool.Make sure to register your serial number online right away! Will make the replacement process a lot easier than if you have no clue where you put the paper a year from now. Luckily for me the Customer Service rep was able to generate a new one for me when I replaced my original J3M last year, though I don't imagine they'd do that for everyone, it's pretty top notch service, one of the main reasons I'm purchasing again
I have tried many earpieces and I could't be happier that I purchased J Buds from Amazon. Great sound, great fit and no static. Very happy.
I purchased this because I also own the J4 model w/o the microphone and thought that since this was the next model up that it would be better but sadly it is not.  The cable is a pain and tangles very easily where as the J4 model hardly ever tangles because of the material it is made of.  After a short time of using the J5M model I purchased the J4 model with microphone and I am extremely pleased with that version.
The left earbud stopped working after only a month of use, probably due to a loose wire. Don't buy these.
not worth it . My jlab ear buds stopped working properly within 2 weeks. One ear bud works great , the other ear bud stopped working completely. Customer service from JLAB sucks. They never return phone calls or e-mails.
I'm not an expert when it comes to headphones by any means. I have been using Skullcandy earbuds for the past few years and borrowing my husband's Beats headphones occasionally. I was initially very disappointed in these headphones. I received them and about 3 days later, right before vacation, one side went out. It would only work if pressure was applied. I was extremely frustrated. I returned them and have had my replacement for about 2 weeks and haven't had any problems yet. Here's what I like and don't like about these:The good:-Lightweight: I was a little worried that they were going to feel heavy, but they don't at all.-Less tangles: My Skullcandy earbuds get tangled every single time I take them out. These rarely get tangled, I really enjoy not having to spend minutes detangling them every time I use them.-Clip: The reason I bought these was because of the shirt clip. My husband's Beats came with a clip, so when I borrowed them for running I really enjoyed that. I run, hike and rollerblade a lot with these in and there's no loud feedback from the cord jingling around when I use the clip. This alone was the biggest selling point for me.-Comfort: This set comes with 4 sets of very comfy tips for the earbuds. They fit in my ear and stay in there well.The bad:-Sound: I might be crazy, but between my Skullcandies, Beats and these I think the Skullcandies sound best, followed by these and last Beats. My husband and I were both very unimpressed with the Beats and both thought the Skullcandies sounded better. I would still chose the JBuds over the Skullcandies due to the tangle free cord, comfort of earbuds and sport clip. But I think the sound quality in the Skullcandies was superior.-Unreliable: I'm a little cautious now after having had a pair break on my after just a few days. Hopefully that was a defect and not poor product quality.Overall, I'm pretty happy with this purchase. For $35 I feel like I got a decent product.
Out of the box, the microphone housing fell apart. This hasn't ruined the product, but it wasn't a good start.In theory, I'd give these headphones 4 stars - they seemed like a decent, full-featured earbud at a reasonable price. In practice, however:- Build quality is lacking (fall apart + have strain reliefs that are so stiff they are useless.)- Sound quality isn't fantastic (I'm not an audiophile but previous, similarly priced CX200 earbuds were far better, even at the end of 3 years of abuse)- Earbuds are incredibly sensitive to the inner-ear seal (Sound is muted with terrible bass unless you fiddle with them every time you put them in)- 45� headphone jack is huge and extremely inconvenient (I feel like I'm breaking my phone half the time I pull it out of my pocket).I'm not going to return these because it's not worth the hassle, but when these break completely (probably soon) I'm going to find another brand.________________________________________UPDATE:After less than 3 months, one ear finally went out completely on these headphones... surprising no one. Additionally, after this relatively short period of use, the aforementioned HUGE headphone jack of these earbuds has damaged the headphone port on my phone due to how often it would get caught or bent in my pocket.  The headphone jack of my phone now requires constant holding pressure in order to receive the full sound signal.I'm dropping my review to 1 star. Stay away from these headphones... even if I initially received a bad unit (as their rep suggested), it doesn't excuse the bad design and terrible overall build quality. Here's a tip, JBuds - try building ONE set of quality headphones rather than supersaturate your market with SIX different failing, indistinguishable products.
Purchased this item to use with my iPhone and my tablet.  The plug is skinny enough to fit my iPhone while in it's protective case - many aftermarket ear buds will not.  So far so good!
I have the J2 earbuds which work fine. Decided to get a pair of J5s to keep at home and the left earbud didn't work to begin with. The right earbud sounds HORRIBLE. Are these from the year 1980? Bad, bad, bad. Go with a better brand.
Firstly my music: Everything besides country. Predominantly Rock, Ambient/Dub, Folk, and Symphonic, smatterings of Rap, but everything else is in there too.With the different size options I found a good fit for my ears. They do eliminate a surprising amount of sound if you have them all the way in, but since I use them at work I tend to keep them just a bit loose so I can hear someone if I need too.Either way, the sound is quite good. I agree with others than the bass is not pounding, but I didn't expect that either at this price range. Still enough bass for me to enjoy my heavier genres, and the middle and highs are fine. Except on the street with tractor trailer trucks going by I haven't had to push these past the middle of my volume range, and the majority of the time I'm below a quarter and can hear every detail. Symphonic, opera, and folk works are fantastically present at low volumes, no more slamming the volume down mid-pieces that actually have dynamics.They stay in during exercise. Jogging for 20-30 minutes and push ups/crunches/various crap with nothing falling out.My only "complaint" is the cord itself. Although it doesn't get tangled up like others (big plus in my book) it sometimes can create a banging sound in the background if I don't secure it with the clip while jogging. There have been some not so magical moments of trying to fiddle with the thing to find a "quiet spot" while still trying to run. By no means a deal breaker, but technically it isn't perfect. All in all, very happy.
Honestly, I don't know where to start. I am so frustrated with the products this company makes, I can hardly see straight. Instead, let me just rattle off word-associations that come to mind as I think about JLab Audio and their products: Horrible. Atrocious. Subpar. Cheap. Temporary. Disposable.Quick story: I bought a pair of the J3Ms in April. Hated them. The sound was so muddy (not even bassy, just thick and absolutely crappy), that I could barely stand to listen to them. It honestly sounded like there was something in between the speaker and my ear that was inhibiting the sound. It didn't even sound normal! But I held on to them hoping that after some proper burn-in time, they would get better. They didn't.Then, at the end of June (after barely 2 months of use), the right earbud started cutting in and out due to a bad connection with the wire. So I contacted JLab and they immediately sent me out a new pair (very nice and easy process, I might add -- they must have LOTS of experience in replacing their crappy products). That pair lasted less than a month before the same thing happened to it.Now let me interject something here: I take very good care of my earbuds. When in use, I am careful not to let them snag on anything and I never pull on them or put any stress on them. When not in use, they are coiled neatly in a mesh pouch. They have never been exposed to extreme elements and have never gotten wet. I baby these things like crazy.I contacted JLabs again and they were kind enough to not only replace the 2nd faulty pair, but actually upgraded me to the J5Ms, which I was very pleased about. These seemed to be much better built with thicker wires and reinforced connections. The sound was slightly better than the J3Ms, but still less than stellar.These have lasted me a little over a month and then yesterday the right earbud started cutting out during my commute. I tried wiggling the wires to see if it was a bad connection, and nothing helped. Eventually, it just stopped working. Now, I know I didn't spring for some $100 Bose earbuds or something really high quality like Shure or Ultimate Ears, but I would venture to bet that a $10 pair of Sony's or even SkullCandys would outperform and outlast these over-priced and over-hyped pieces of absolute junk.Side note: I did purchase a quick replacement pair and got the Skullcandy Ink'd with the inline mic and at less than half the price of these, their sound absolutely BLOWS AWAY anything I've heard from JLab thus far. Obviously the construction doesn't feel as sturdy, but who cares.JLab is obviously good at building tanks but they have failed to figure out how to make them fire.
I've purchased a couple of sets of the J5 earbuds. Within a day or two the 1st set of earphones stopped working on one side. The 2nd set lasted longer but within a few months the wiring detacted from the earphone. Try something else. These earbuds are a waste of money.
I honestly love this company. These are the only headphones that fit perfectly in my ear and the sound is just great. The warranty is great-too, I get the new pair within three or so days and it's just perfect. They're not too expensive either which is great. It's hard to find good headphones for a decent price. I really only have one complaint though- I don't know if it's just me or the J5's, but one of the headphones always blows which results in me constantly using the warranty to receive a new pair. I got a pair a few months ago and then about a month or so ago, the left headphone died out so I used the warranty to receive a new pair. About two weeks later I was out shopping and I guess I accidentally dropped them (my bad.) so I felt weird applying the warranty for it because a) It was my fault I lost it b) I just used the warranty and thought it would be weird to use it again c) that's not what the warranty covers. So, I decided to just buy a new pair off of amazon, and they were on sale which was great, but after two weeks while I was on vacation, I was laying in my bed when the right headphone blew and stopped working. So now I still feel using the warranty so soon, but I guess it's what I am going to have to do.Other than that, I still love them and will continue to recommend them to my friends. I just hope that they don't break again.
I wasn't picky about earbuds until my last pair died, and I mistakenly bought a Sony. Granted, they were the cheapest ones, but the bass and treble were terrible. I wept for the lost soul of my playlist.But these cost the same, yet made voices silky smooth and the battle songs rock out with a strong bass. My songs were what I remembered them as.Thanks JBud!
The headphones were good while they worked, but after just 4 months of moderate use, they stopped working. I bought my sister the S4 on the same day and it's still working wonderfully. You get what you paid for, spend a little more for something better.
Earphones make a popping noise in my ear constantly and need re-adjustment in my ear to make the music sound clear.  Could be a fluke set that is faulty but I still would not recommend this item.  The standard earphones that came with my galaxy nexus are not as loud but would prefer to use them over these any day of the week.
I have two sets of J5Ms and one set of J2s (work, rink, and home).  I love them all.  There is a break-in period for the best sound.  Just pick the cusions that fit and seal the best and you will hear the full range of sounds.  I often wear them for 3 to 5 hours straight.  The cords on the J5Ms are much improved over older versions, tougher and less contact noise. Also the J5Ms have a screened in outside end which lets in some sharp outside sounds, a plus when using them for ice and inline skating to avoid accidents and in the office to hear when the desk phone rings.  Microphone works well also, I haven't had anyone on the other end question what I was using. I have owned my oldest pair for several years without problems.  I loosely coil them when not in use, wadding up cords will cause premature failure.
To start off:These headphones  are well designed with various earbud sizes that come included along with the product it's self. Some people might not like these due to the fact that they go inside of your ear instead of the basic earphones that just sit on the outside of your ear. The reason being is because it reduces outside noise by a great percentage.====Volume====With noise reduction these earphones are really good with even the slightest volume; therefore, not much volume is needed to enjoy music. It does have good volume, but it would be great if they had volume control like other similar products.==== Appeal====These headphones look really attractive in all colors. They are sharp in color and stand out to people at the slightest glimpse.====Durability====I am impressed on the durability of these headphones. I have had these for around a year or more, but these are still in top quality and they sound just as goodmasnthe day I received them! I wouldn't think twice before getting these again!====Overall====Overall these are some top quality headphones considering the price that you are paying. Don't expect BOSE quality sound, but it definitely knocks out the lower competition between headphones. I recommend these headphones to everyone as long ad they don't really have a concern of the volume slider that most headphones now have.
on time fast shipping ,perfect handling and pakaging ,just perfect , test it worrks great and huge difference between j2 and j5 it made j2 seems like normal earphone no more j2 using ,i am j5 level right now ,my advice stepup to the next level and try j5 , this dealer can shipp it to you fast enough to enjoy ur new j5 quicker than  you think.thanks
I bought these because I was constantly buying cheap earphones in the past that were breaking and coming apart so I finally decided to buy me some good quality earphones that were well worth the money. I don't wear over the head headphones since I don't like the way they look on me. I researched many headphones and stumbled upon these. I read many of the reviews and since I liked that they had many positive reviews and also came in a variety of colors I decided to buy these. As of now I've had them for maybe about 6 months and I think they are definitely durable earphones that have withed the test of time. As far as quality of sound I can't complain so in my opinion they were well worth the investment.
First impressions: The product came in standard packaging that really was stress free; no childlock plastic, tape, etc. I didn't care about the cheap packaging (I kinda liked it), but if you do, go buy yourself a pair of $10000000000000 beats.The design of the earbuds was not what I expected. The headphone jack is at a 45 degree angle which is slightly odd looking and very big. Since the jack is going to be in your pocket plugged into your phone or ipod it really isn't a big deal. The chord is long enough and the stress points/ connection spots are nicely reinforced with rubber and it doesn't seem likely to break. I got the black/blue ones and they look pretty much like the picture except they are smaller than expected. Also the blue is darker but who cares.Sound quality was good even before breaking them in. The noise isolation is very good and you will most likely not be able to hear anyone if you have them plugged in and playing at a medium volume. If your looking to listen to anything with heavy bass such as hip hop, dubstep,  etc. I cannot help you because I do not listen to those genres. However, from what I can tell the bass is very rich and full sounding. Not hollow like apple earbuds. Highs and mids are also excellent. Combined with the isolation you will find yourself mesmerized by your music. They also can get very loud if needed. Overall, the sound is the best you will find at this price level and even at a higher price level. Unless you want to pay $100 for earbuds that are only slightly better I would definitely prefer J5's. Also I must mention the friction noise that you can hear when you rub the chord with your shirt or something. It is pretty noticeable without music playing; with music on I could not notice.Everyone in the reviews are saying that these are the most comfortable earbuds ever. I find that they are about as comfortable as the J3's. The earbud tips are a harder type of rubber and hurt my ear canals at first, but after a while I forget that they are there.A big reason I gave these 5 stars is because of the warranty process with Jlab Audio. It is so simple and easy. My earbuds were defective and the left earbud blew out within a week; not a big deal it has happened before with much more expensive earbuds (WHICH DIDNT HAVE FREE WARRANTY!). I went online made an account and filed my warranty. It took around 5 minutes to do everything and they sent it to me for free! I also had the option to upgrade for a little more money which is a great option for someone who does not like the pair they got. You will not be disappointed with Jlab and their products. Their customer service really is world class.By the way, I got these for $18 during a sale on Amazon!
Sound is great. Love the soft ear pieces. Worth the price, which wasn't all that much. Not worth getting the cheaper models. And, of course, it's purple.
I hate this product.  They either will not stay in or to get them to stay in I have jam them so far into my ear it affects the sound and it is uncomfortable.  I tried all the sizes of buds that came with it (which, by the way, were very difficult to get on and off) but nothing works.  I am very sorry I bought this product.
The right headphones stopped working after about 2 months. I bought this J5 since my earlier J2 Jbuds wore out after more than 2 years of use and they were really great. I use these primarily with my laptop. I don't use it with any portable devices so there is really no movement which may cause them to wear out. Really disappointed that they gave way so soon. The quality is good, much better than the J2 obviously, but I'm not satisfied.
The color was cute. The plugs don't stay in my ear unless I push them hard in my ears. The volumn and sound was passable. I wouldn't buy again.
Upon receiving this product, I was impressed by the quality of sound.  The design fit well into the ear and stayed put.  However, after some 20 uses of the earbuds, the sound stopped working in one earbud.  I will not purchase this product again and do not recommend it.
Great sound and a cool carrying case. The interchangeable ear pieces let you fit this no matter your ear size.
I ordered these earbuds AND the case a while back & after a month they had a loose connection and only one side provided sound. I had the case and I don't consider myself to be 'hard' on them but thought maybe i'd done something so i ordered them again & the second pair lasted a week before the same issue. They stink!!!
I really wanted to like these because they look slick and they actually are nice at first, but they could definitely be better as they broke in 3 months I've had them! I'm very gentle with them and only use them at the gym/work, nothing intensive. Very disappointed.
I got these a few months back, and barely used them.  After 3 days of using them at work while plugged in, the right bud just stopped producing sound.  i was able to get SOME sound wiggling the wire directly in the bud, but that stopped working.This product sat on an office desk pretty much untouched with the occasional use.  Never in a pocket, car, folded up ,etc.I tried to register for a warranty claim, but i no longer have the package with the serial number.  All the support contact links on the jlabaudio.com site are broken, so there is no way to make a claim.VERY displeased.
These did not last two months and that is with 90 minutes of use four or five days per week.  In fact, I counted that up and it's 24 times of use before one side started crackling and then went dead.  I could see this happening if I mishandled the product, but I am always extremely careful, wrapping it up gently and storing it in a leather pouch.  The heavier duty ones (more expensive) should last ten years.  What a joke.  I guess if I'm going to use MP3 players and earbuds, I can expect to buy new ones continually.  My next pair of earbuds will be cheapies.  I won't spend extra money for "better" ones.  They get you no either way.  It's probably made of tinsel inside.
Let me just say that for the price, the quality of these headphones are very good. There is just that flaw that everyone else has mentioned, you cannot really move around when listening to music. If you're sitting the headphones work like a charm but if you plan on exercising then the noise of the headphone cord hitting your body goes straight up into the buds into your ears. Basically if the cord hits anything you will hear it and you can tolerate it but it can get quite annoying. Overall pretty good product
For the price and build quality, they're great. Sound quality isn't too bad. Fit, however, it's super, despite including 3 sizes of silicone earpieces. I'm going to keep trying them and see how they fair on long haul flights.
Purchased these earbuds to replace bad Apple earbuds I got with my Ipod Nano. Excellent sound, deep bass tones and very clear. I'm amazed at what I wasn't picking up with my Apple earbuds. Very comfortable and you can customize to your ears with different size ear pads. I would recommend these to anyone who wants well built, superb sounding earphones.
Earbud quality was much better than the stock iPhone earbuds, and they isolated sound well. However, one of the earbuds died within three months.
I usually don't like earbuds, but when I saw these pink ones I thought I'd give them a try. They came with different size covers, so I found one that fits perfectly and they are very comfortable and stay where you put them.
this item is really bad. I know it is my fault since the same incident ocurred to me before with this same headphones. I thought I would give them a second try and again after three weeks of use the headphones started sounding horrible and sound comes in and out.
I had these Earbuds for about 60 days. I only used them about 2-3x a week. Then the left earbud stopped working. They cost to much for such little time. I would not recommend this product.
These headphones have cords re enforced with Kevlar. They do not break easy. I am an audiophile and am all for sound quality these surprisingly have great sound quality. They have a jack that is slanted which makes it more convenient and is very strong so you wont have that problem where only on works. They are VERY well built I have had them for 6 months and I use them everyday and they go through aggressive use and they work fine there is nothing wrong with them. It is worth the price!!!!
I have problem with keeping the earpiece in place. They constantly fall out. There is nothing to attach it to the ear. This is the only problem I have. Otherwise, the sound is great.
Love these little ear buds, they work great. Use them for listening to music and watching videos while at the gym or working on my laptop.
I am happy with the J5, but its not as good as the J3. The J3 fits better and has MUCh better pounding bass. The J3's lasted me about a year till the right earpiece gave out though. This J5 has made it 1 month with me so far...
Very pleased with these earbuds. Very good sound, with nice bass and clean highs. Very comfortable, when using the correct size tips. Nicely reinforced at the plug and at the buds, usually the fail points of less expensive earphones. A great buy at the price.Just noticed the price increased to $29.95, about $12 higher than last week. Still a good value, if they hold up to heavy use.
I really wanted to love this product... but if you are sensitive to noise transferred from the cable to the earbuds then DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT!I listen to earbuds probably 50-60 hours per week and have been through many pairs. My most recent earbuds were a pair of Samsung earbuds that came with my smartphone and I had them for almost 18 months before they finally crapped out. When they died I searched all over the internet for entry-level earbuds (<$75) with a mic to replace them. I read tons of reviews and finally decided to go with the J5Ms. When I made the decision to buy them, I already knew that the reviews were mixed but I decided to give them a try... and now I wish I had trusted the reviews! Most of the negative reviews that I read had to do with the durability of the earbuds - I read several reviews in which one or both sides died within a few weeks, but they come with a 1-year manufacturer warranty so I wasn't too concerned. On the flip side I read tons of reviews that ranted about the comfort and excellent sound quality so I figured I would take the risk.What I experienced was extreme comfort, excellent sound quality, great looks, and HORRIBLE CABLE-MICROPHONICS! The amount of vibrations that transfer up the cable to your ears is massive. I sit at a computer desk all day and the slight motion of my chest from breathing would cause extremely loud noise in my ears as the cable moved across the collar of my dress shirt. Don't even get me started about when my head moved side-to-side as I switched from monitor to monitor. I couldn't imagine trying to workout with these buds in. I hoped that I would eventually get used to the noise but in the end I had to crank the volume so loud to compensate that the earbuds were just plain unrealistic for casual use... you might even say unusable. I returned them after four days of trying to like them. I don't know what I will buy next... but it won't be another set of J5Ms.PROS:*Excellent Sound Quality*Extremely Comfortable*Looks GreatCONS:*Cable-Microphonics are terrible! EMPHASIS: TERRIBLE!OTHER:*Durability: I can't really comment on long-durability as I returned them after four days... but I will say that they appeared to be very well constructed.
I'm one of the lucky ones, I guess, because I have a pair of JBuds J2's that have lasted me for over two years and still going strong. I got these J5's because I know the J2's won't last forever and these JLab headphones seem to be a good value to me at $18, and not in the cheap sense.This is a very decent step up from my J2's all around. From the materials used to how they sound and they stay in my ear much better. Even the wires don't knot up nearly as bad.They're much louder and clearer as well, but at first they didn't seem to have the fullness I was expecting. However, just like with the J2's, I went through the burn-in process they recommend, mixing music in between. Now the fullness and over all sound is better. I think JBuds really need that burn-in process more then they let on. Playing them loud right out the box probably does more damage to them more than they let on as well.They have a well balanced sound which to me is good because I listen to a little bit of everything, but for some who are expecting good headphones just for one set of music, well, I don't think they excel for any one type. Good for everything, but they won't blow you away with heavy, deep bass or great detail. They're just a very decent pair of buds which should be fine for most.I'm not expecting any problems, but if some come about I will update my review.
I purchased these headphones as a secondary pair for work use.  I often take my Klipsch Image S4 headphones home or take them on a trip and then forget to take them back to work for several days.  Instead of taking the headphones back and forth I plan on leaving the Jbuds at work.Now let's get down to it.I am one of the lemmings that bought the S4's because the internet told me to.  Do I regret the purchase of my S4's after getting these jbuds for a quarter of the price?  No.Why?  I feel that the Klipsch Image S4 does sound slightly better.  I usually listen to rock music, with some top 100, jazz, Italian opera, and folk music mixed in for good measure.  I've been listening to Avenged Sevenfold's Nightmare lately (amazing drumming on this album) I noticed that the top end is not quite as clear on the Jbuds.  I also feel that the mids and lows are slightly muddied on the Jbuds.  The pedals from the drummer are not as pronounced on my Jbuds as they are on the Klipsch headphones.  When there's allot going on, bass and lead guitar, drumming, singing all at the same time it's harder to pick out individual instruments with the Jbuds.However, if you're on a tight budget these headphones are FANTASTIC for the price.  If I didn't have the Image S4's I wouldn't even know what I was missing and neither will you.  I am not a huge headphone audio fanatic, so take my opinions as someone who is just comparing the two headphones.  I will also mention that the Jbuds get absolutely loud as hell!  I first plugged them in with the audio really high and it was like having small speakers at my desk...I am an advocate of buying these headphones based on their price point, so if price is a concern this is a really good purchase!Before I forget, I purchased the sneaker head color scheme on these headphones and the "red" color on the cord and the ring on the ear bud itself are hovering towards a bright pinkish-orange, not really red.
I was very disappointed with the sound from these headphones.  I ended up getting another pair of headphones as a result due the poor quality sound.
These are some great headphone especially for the price. Don't buy into the bose and Dr. dre hype and buy these quality headphones instead. The sound and base are a perfect when listening to music. Another positive is they come in many different colors to choose from. The length of the cord is very generous. I gave this 4 starts out of 5 is because my cord snapped off when I stepped on the wiring and now I don't have a pair of these headphones :(, but other than that it's great for the price. I would recommend these for people who listen to music on the go.
I HAVE ONLY HAD THE PURPLE EARBUDS FOR A MONTH AND ONE OF THE EARBUDS DOES NOT WORK ANY LONGER. I THOUGHT I HAD FOUND A GREAT PAIR OF EARBUDS AND THIS HAPPENED. I DID NOT DO ANYTHING TO THEM THEY JUST STOPPED WORKING.
The sound quality on these are great I totally love these ear buds.  I paid for them thinking it's a little much but found them to be worth it.  I would still be using the ones I got before but sadly I smashed one of the buds in the door.  I bought a cheapish pair but was not nearly as happy with what I got.  glad to have them and can hardly wait till the new ones get here.
The microphone was very poor when placing my first couple of calls.  I returned them.  Amazons return policy was very good
It worked for about two weeks. Then the left earbud wouldn't work anymore. The initial construction seemed to be better than the average set of earbuds. But the performace lacked. I wouldn't recommend these to other buyers.
These sound very good for the price. They are not very durable.  I'm the kind of person who treats things with care but they still stop working after a while and I only use them while flying (about once a week).  My first pair lasted nearly a year (so pretty good). My second pair lost the right ear in 95 days (5 over warranty).  That said, I'm going to try the the "rugged" model this time.  My mistake - the warranty is for one year.  I still had the slip with the serial number so was able to order a replacement.  Now I'll have two units - had just ordered the "rugged" model - so I hope to have at least one working at any time.
I recently ordered a pair of J5s, and I was happy for the first several hours after I took them out of the packaging. They have an attractive and apparently sturdy design, and they are definitely a good replacement for the Apple iPod earphones that I just broke.However, within the same day of breaking them in (only a few hours, in fact), the left ear died out. There still seems to be sound coming from it, but the left/right sound balance is supremely off, making for very annoying sound. It's definitely the earphones that are the problem and not my laptop, because I've tried it on several devices (like JLAB recommended, to check for errors) including my iPod, and the left ear simply isn't working properly. The really irking thing is that there is no real remedy for the problem. Setting more left sound balance on my laptop only lessens the right ear in comparison, and I can't even adjust sound balance on my iPod.Thankfully I had already registered the earphones on JLAB's website for warranty credit. I'm currently awaiting the replacements for my bad pair. While I'm glad that there is a strong warranty program for JLAB, I would have preferred if I hadn't had to make use of it in the first place. The reliable warranty is the main reason I would recommend JLAB and the J5 to others, not necessarily for the product itself.Hopefully, as JLAB told me, my problem is an isolated one and is not representative of others in the product line. I hope that this is the only time I have to make use of the warranty.
Horrible product. The first one I got, one of the earbuds failed after 2 weeks. I used them gently and they were very well taken care of. I returned it for another and that one just failed, less than 4 months later. Similar issue except this time instead of failing completely, one of the earbuds keeps turning on/off. It feels like it dying and can blow any day now. This is definitely a technology issue and probably the result of poor engineering and/or poor construction. DO NOT BUY this product! You are wasting your time. Go find something else.
So I've been through a couple pair of these, failure always seems to be the same....one ear bud or the other will quit working.  Wires stay intact, all connections good, the driver just quits?  For the price, sound quality, an d comfort though, I'm not complaining.  One thing I noticed with the black / red ones though, the red cable seems a bit stiffer than the other couple pair I had (gray and blue).  Though I prefer these aesthetically, it does increase the "thump" heard when something hits the cable (like when you're running or working out).
These earbuds sound great! The cord is nice and does not get all twisted and tangled. But....the housings on both right & left earbuds have separated. I have tried everything short of super glue to put them back together. Rather disappointing for a supposedly high quality set of earbuds. My cheap skull candy earbuds might not sound as great, but at least they don't fall apart in your ears or hands.
I started buying JLab earbuds since I was travelling for work and I wanted a non-bluetooth option for conference calls or to listen to music. Through emails and sales on Amazon, I have owned around 6 of these earbuds from the J3 to the 5 and sadly, they are not worth the money.I find that I have about 2-3 weeks of use of these earbuds before I hear a distinct 'crackle' and then the right ear bud goes dead. This consistently happens while I am on a conference call and discovery the since the microphone is on the right ear bud (which is now dead), I need to put in the left ear bud, just to hear the conversation.The one good thing about JLab is their warranty. With each pair that goes 'crackle' I can claim the warranty and get a replacement in a few days. The lesson I have learned is that I misplaced the Serial numbers for a few of my recent pairs, and by not registering the warranty, I can't make any more claims.** Update 6/8:I just had another pair of these stop working in the right/microphone ear and went to put in for the warranty, and surprise to me, JLab has changed their policy on earbuds. Now instead of sending you a new pair, they are now requiring that you send in the old pair (at cost to YOU) so they can verify it and then they will send another pair. This just made their product that much more unappealing to me. I'm going to order another company in a moment to replace the 5 of these that i have and are broken.
I have gotten already three of my J5 replaced due to malfunction in different areas but i have had them replaced all three time with the one year warranty! Make me question the quality of the J labs earphone if they keep breaking on me? Other then that the seller did a good job!
**Purchased these a month and 6 days ago (April 1st) and the right ear just went out (may 7).** I will attempt to go through the warrenty process/support service, but I would rather pay more to not have this issue.Bass is okay, but I feel as though the speaker went out. A little better than the apple products.My friends have beats by dre, skull candy, seinnheiser, vmoda, etc. So for the price, I would say it's worth it.. but not for the time alloted.Noise/sound cancellation is pretty good. My friends always have to wave in order to get my attention. I was studying at a busy restaurant and I couldn't hear anything once I started playing my music.Ear buds: Maybe I'm not used to in-ear buds, but they fit pretty uncomfortablly. I constantly have to input the earpieces until I find the right place to hear the music. However, I am able to wear them for over 7+ hours.
These are the most comfortable ear buds I have ever owned.  When using them they stay put.  They are soft and supple and do not hurt my ears.  There are also several colors to choose from even though I chose black.  Great quality sound.
I ordered these after having a pair of J3's and wanted to upgrade.  These are not very expensive but the J3's sounded pretty decent.  Upon getting these and connecting to my iPhone 4, callers complained about static then they could not hear me at all.  It was not a reception issue as once I put it on speaker, everything was fine.  The button would not hang up the call and when using it on iPod mode, would not skip, rewind, etc.Maybe I got a defective pair but I returned them (Thanks Amazon) and got a different pair of headphones.  Maybe I will try them again in a later version.
Rugged, incredible sound, isolation, clarity, good bass (not incredible bass). Doesn't tangle, i like the color because it is easy to find and to not get mixed up with other people's. stick in my ears very well (have smaller ears) but there are multiple sizes. The makeup of the buds make them stick.
For those of you out there who know more of the Jlab models, I used to have a pair of the Jet Black J3's after replacing them about 3 or 4 times i decided to upgrade. When filing for a warranty claim I upgraded and got a ten dollar credit and got these for twenty dollars. So far I have had them for 2 or 3 weeks and absolutely love them! They are way more sleek and comfortable, they also were very interesting with the color scheme of the sneaker head so it was quite the change from black. These headphones stay in my ear better therefore making the sound better with a better seal and it was also better because of the high quality model.So far best headphones ever bought.
PRODUCT IS AWESOME WILL RECOMMEND TO OTHERS....SOUND QUALITY IS AWESOME. I ORDER THE BLACK JB5 J BUDS ARE AWESOME COME WITH DIFFERENT SIZE EAR BUDS FITS GREAT.
I do not know about all the technical stuff that's on other reviews, all I know is the sound is great and I like the way they are made with reinforcement and angles that keep the wire's from breaking like my last set.  Worth the money.
The ear phones are good sound and quality, and a good price. The only thing that i would like to see different, ar the blue ear pieces. They are made of a soft rubber, they are comfortable, but if they were made of a foam material, (like ear plugs) they would  fit alittle better, and not wiggle out in extreme conditions, (heavy/long running).
AAA+++ ease of use sound and weight. Easy to store carry and use.  Good sound and I like the choice of different ear pieces that came with it.
I really wanted to like these.  While the sounds quality was much better than any other earbuds I've purchased (and I expected them to be considering the price), one of the channels broke within 3 weeks of using them.  I only use them on my morning and afternoon bus commutes.  I've always neatly wrapped them up and put them in my bag for safe keeping when not in use but I guess this didn't matter.  I've used cheaper earbuds that have last 4-5 months.  What's the deal with these?  I'd say poor craftsmanship. Seems like they were designed to break.  Why is the plug at a 45 degree angle?  I'm no engineer but this is not a natural design.  90 degrees would obviously work better but even just a straight plug would make more sense.I'll never buy anything from JBuds again.  Don't be fooled by the decent reviews.  I'd rather buy cheap earbuds... at least they'll work.  I couldn't even get a month out of these!!
I owned a pair of J3 earbuds that worked really well for two years, so I thought the J5 would be good too. Boy, was I wrong. Like others here, the left earbud stopped working after about 3 weeks of light use. Fortunately, I received a refund without any problems. Very disappointed with JBuds because of this product.
I bought two pairs, one blue, one red.  The red pair had only one side that worked.  The blue pair worked for a few hours then one side stopped working.  I contacted Amazon, and received replacements within one day.  Customer service was excellent.The second red pair again had one side that did not work at all.  The blue pair has one side that fades in and out.  I am returning both for a refund and getting a different brand.While they did work, if there was any movement or rubbing, you were able to hear it.  Very annoying.
These headphones broke on me in about 3 Weeks after I recieved them. Although they sound amazing, they have an extremely short life span. Not worth the money.
Crap headphones, just worked for 3 weeks. I'm a regular runner and after 3 weeks of jogging the right headphone stop working. I had for 2 years the J3 and had the same issue but after 2 years not 3 wekks!! Won't buy from this brand again.
I purchased these on 2-29-12 and use them 5 nights out of the week at work for 6+ hrs a night. Right out of the package they seemed very well built and seems quite durable. After popping them into my ears I wasn't very impressed with the sound quality. They were just O.K. Not any better than a cheap $5-10 pair. I would even go to say some of those cheaper ear buds provided more range and I've been through about 10 different sets of ear buds. There even seems to be a fitment issue with these. If you push them in too far or not enough, sound quality is horrible and the buds make a popping noise in your ear. Just a slight touch sometimes is all they need and it's like they double their volume? I would not recommend these at this price range. $10, maybe. Skullcandy ink'd sound better.4-11-2012: The left ear bud has some loose wiring inside or possibly at the blue flex joint. After some wiggling you can get the ear bud to work but only for a short time. So I went ahead and checked out their warranty information on their website and went ahead and made a claim. It was quite simple, really. New ones are on the way.
Bass is great treble sounds clean and high notes tweet like a bird am happy with this purchase and use it all day while I work thank you
I'm 16. I've done some stupid things with these headphones. I've put the cord in my mouth and then walked away, scraping the cord against my teeth. I've yanked the cord out multiple times accidentally. I rubbed an earbud against the carpet to clean off earwax, which ended up dislodging a piece of the earbud (not the rubber part), but it just snapped back on.POINT BEING: Despite all my idiocy, they still work perfectly, and the jack is completely unbent despite being jerked out at an angle innumerable times.HOWEVER there is a downside, at least compared to my sister's headphones (Which are admittedly $80 over ear headphones). The mix of them is a bit too bassy, although I can sort of adjust the bass level by adjusting how far I push the earbud in. The whole thing just sounds a bit muddy compared to these: Sony MDR-XB500 40mm XB Diaphragm Driver Extra Bass HeadphonesI'm only comparing with those cuz they're the only headphones I have around to compare with. I'm not a sound expert, if it's not obvious from the generally stupid things I do with my headphones.SO YEAH. 5/5 for tank-like construction. Not taking any points off for Meh sound quality because my point of reference was a more expensive item. :D
THIESE ARE JUNK; BOTH EARS STOPPED WORKING WITHIN 4 MONTHS.I do not abuse these; I have never pulled on them or anything rough with them.DON'T BUY THIS CRAP.Not happy with these. I prefer my Sony Ear Buds, had them for years and they still work great, just don't have the microphone.
I really like the JBuds for my iPod and Kindle Fire!  They match color-wise perfect and the multiple rubber ear cones make it very easy to find the right fit!  The sound is great....I can hear my iPod very well while I'm out in the tractor and don't have to have the volume blaring in the process.  I would highly recommend the JBuds!
Arrived quickly, no issues, cool design. I bought "Sneaker Head" because I loved the color combination. I use it with my iPad. Also comes with 3 different silicone ear bud covers to fit differnet sized ear canals- kids, women and men. Lastly, there is a clip that is placed on the cord so that it can be clipped to your shirt or whatever you please. One thing that has struck me is that the parts and the design have a distinctive feeling of quality to them. This item does not feel "cheap". Nice!
Why is it impossible to find a pair of headphones with decent sound quality that break or short out? I bought these because I thought the unique design might somehow be a smart idea and solve the problem I had with past buds breaking down on me. Wrong. After about 20 days of a great pair of headphones, the place where the rubber meets the plastic near the jack split exposing the inner wire. Now begins the search for another pair of most likely problematic headphones. I think I'll just get wireless.Picture here[...]
Love these.  I am instantly impressed.  Songs that I've been bored with for years come to life again with these headphones.  I already own the older version of these, which are good, but these are even better.  Won't put up with cheap apple earbuds ever again.
You can look at all the other reviews for how these work and whatnot. For me, they fit awesomely (rare, my ears are weird shaped) and sound good.But then the right earbud died as soon as they were out of warranty/Amazon's return policy. The other one still works, but having noise-cancelling headphones with only one working bud is pretty lame.That being said, I'm buying another pair and hoping for the best.
In the Amazon photos, the cord color of the 'Sneaker Head' JBuds is a deep red, which is what I wanted. What came was actually more of a deep rose, not what I wanted at all ... and not quite what seems to be primary color black and red in the images. Sent them back and got these in silver gray, which I like a lot.This isn't a review of the JBuds' performance (which, so far, so good), but rather the color. If you're a fashionista looking for a deep, robust red corded headset, this isn't it.
These earbuds work very well with my iPhone.  Clear sound on calls, good for music, durable. I'm pleased with my purchase.
The sound of these earphones is as good as I have experienced in phones of a similar size -- probably better. Highly recommended.
I've gone through 2 pairs of these now. The first lasted a month before the left ear bud died. Got a replacement pair for free from JLab, which lasted a little over a week before an ear bud died. For headphones I use at my desk at work, they die way too quickly. Trying another pair through the warranty, if it dies quickly to I'm going back to SkullCandy.- The buds are fairly comfortable- Good sound- Great warranty service- Ear buds just don't seem to last very long
Finally, got this earphones with mic. I must say that the sound quality is awsome in my Galaxy note. It feels your are listening to dolby sound with 5.1 channels on. but as far as speaking using the earphones, it is not that great, cuz the jack (pin) of the earphones is not fitting correctly inside the hole provided for it. The hole is slightly taperd (not fully round) so the jack stuck and does not go inside fully, so you need to adjust it to get the clear sound while talking. The quality of material is really good. I need to use it more to get the best out of it. I will recommend this to anyone but only for listening to songs and not for talking.
I've owned a few JLabs ear phones and the sound quality has been great - these are no different... I think.  After a days worth of use the left ear phone went out - the same issues that other people have had with this set of head phones.  I'm not sure if I got through the burn in period before these things crapped out on me, but the sound was getting good.Just wished both earphones worked - I'll be looking to return these suckers and see if I can go back to the J4 model which at least made it past the 6 month mark.<<EDIT>>When I contacted JLabs they were very awesome about getting me a new pair of the J5Ms and these ones worked great.  The sound quality was impressive, but the life was a little lacking.  One of the ear buds started to crack in and out last week and now it is completely sound free.  This is about 5 months after the purchase.  The sound quality was awesome during that time and the fit was great, but I just wish these things would last longer.I treat mine with care.  The J4s I had before came with a nifty black carry case that I've been using for my J5Ms and can't remember a time when I've mangled or tugged the cord.  I do use these for working out and for when I'm sitting at my desk - so in total I probably log 6 hours a day on them.  By my bad math, that's roughly 900 hours of use before they tanked on me.Since this is the 3rd set of JLabs ear buds that I've owned and have crapped out on me I think I'll probably be trying another brand.Also, I upped the star rating to 3 stars because, when these things worked, they were awesome.
The headphones won't even stay in my ear.Sound quality is terrible. No bassDon't buy them, it's a waste...
I decided to buy some more expensive ear buds to use with my new Kindle Fire.  I received these ear buds in December and have used them approximately 10 times.  The right ear bud broke last night - I just removed it from my ear and it broke apart, exposing all the wires.  I tried wearing just the left one but it kept giving me a little shock.  My window to return has closed so these cost me quite a bit for just the 10 times of wearing them.  I would like to return them but I can't which I don't think is right.  If something doesn't hold up under less than normal conditions  it should be deemed defective and the buyer should get their money back or at least a credit towards the purchase price.
these earbuds have very average audio quality, and the described microphone i assumed incorrectly would have a volume control as well.the microphone does not work with the Suri app on the iPhone the way apple and sony earbuds do.and the cord is uncomfortably long and thick.i did not send them back which was my responsibility of course, as i was away and unable to do so before time period.i wanted to steer others away from these earbuds; there are far better ones for the same price range.
Best headphones I have ever owned!!! Great value, I used to have the skullcandy Titans and these are both more comfortable and sound better! Great product
I purchased these earbuds to go along with a Kindle Fire which I gave as a gift.  I understand they do not stay in the ears very well and fall out easily.  I'm disappointed.
I bought them, because of the relatively good reviews and good price. They worked pretty well until one side just started cutting out and I thought it was just the placement of the bud in my ear. I adjusted it and it would come back and then cut out again. Finally it cut out and didn't work at all. They are good, but they fail pretty quickly which is less than 2 weeks in my case.
As the title suggests, the audio quality is very impressive but if you pay attention to it, you notice that one of the ear buds doesn't fit perfectly, i mean, it doesn't make that vacuum feeling that blocks the outer sound out. I ran some tests and the sound comes different thanks to this, i also posted a picture showing this (you can see it right here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/product-gallery/B005VP9MOO/ref=cm_ciu_pdp_images_0?ie=UTF8&index=0) NOTE: i tried different sized sets of rubbers.
These are great headphones (more correctly Ear Buds)! The sound is superb and the fit is great. They still have the annoying resonance that all ear buds seem to have when walking at a fast pace, but that's a small quibble. Great sound with the phone as well. They don't operate the iPhone's software as well as the Apple Ear Buds but, for one third the cost, I'll put up with some inconvience. They fit better than my last pair of JLabs.
I wanted to buy a pair of Jbuds J4M because I lost my old pair.  When I went to the J4M page, there was an Amazon announcement touting "a new version of this product is now available!".  So naturally, I thought that newer is better, right?  There was a whole description of how the J5M was released for the anniversary, was the next model, bla bla.Bottom line - the J4M are much better.  The #1 problem for most people with headphones is durability...most earphones go to crap within weeks or a few months because of their cables, and that is where the J4 excels above the rest.  It has an incredibly thick, sturdy cable that withstands anything and thus gives you more bang for your buck and a fantastic lifespan.  The J5 is scaled back - thin, cheaper construction, and overall not as good.  No wonder the price is cheaper too! I thought I was getting a good deal, but the J5s wore out and split open within a month.  Spend the extra $10 bucks and buy the real deal.Nice going with the new model, JBuds....next time, don't take one step forward and two steps back.  Use what is great about your design already, keep it and improve upon it.
These headphones are great! The quality of sound is phenomenal. Love that they come with different sized tips. As a result, no matter your ear size, you'll find a tip that fits. The tips are actually, really cool, as they pop off the headphone itself, to enable you to find your perfect fit. Those tips you don't use, keep in the accompanying resealable bag...you never know when someone may want to borrow your headphones. The long cord does not twist or tangle and comes with an attached clip. I use this clip to keep the cord in place, after wrapping it in a circular fashion. To protect these headphones, I purchased the JLAB cover. Very pleased and highly recommend these headphones, as well as the JLAB cover.
These JBuds J5M earbuds are one of the better earbuds i have ever used. My ears don't like earbuds, they never fit right, these have 3 sizes so i get a much better fit but the more important thing is they sound pretty damn good, much better bass than expected and the microphone for the phone works perfectly. I am well pleased with these earbuds.
These things lasted a couple of months before the cord just broke in half. The money on these was wasted.
I've been a fan of JBuds for many years, and I've tried the J3s, J4s, and J5s over that stretch. I really liked the durability of the J4s, specifically the thick, flat cables that rarely tangle. However, the J4s have a bit of a muddy sound, so when those died on me (the right ear stopped working), I decided to pick up the J5s.First off, the sound was quite a step up from the J4s. Much clearer and cleaner. I was, however, wary of the super-thin cables, and for good reason. I've had my J5s for probably a month and the right ear already died on me. Unbelievable, especially for a brand I've used for years. It's crummy to put the consumer in the position of choosing either the worse-sounding, sturdier J4s versus the vastly-clearer, brittle J5s.I should note I also take extremely good care of my earbuds. I never use my J5s for jogging, and I definitely never wear them to sleep (I use the legendarily-bad stock iPod earbuds for that). Needless to say, I hope this was some fluke mistake where the right-ear cord got tugged too hard coming off the line or in transit.So yes, I'll ship these back and get a new pair, since I don't think I can go back to the murky J4s, and yes, the J5s sound good enough to risk another malfunction. I'll stick with JLabs until some other company decides to make great-sounding, affordable earbuds; even with my current woes, that's how much I trust the brand. But that's just me. If you're hard on your earbuds, go with the J4s or look elsewhere.
These are small but powerful headphones and with the Earbuds they are easier to wear and keep in your ears.  They are compact and with the storage case, they are an ideal addition to my new Kindle Fire
I HAVE BEEN VERY HAPPY WITH THE EARBUDS I PURCHASED THROUGH AMAZON FOR MY KINDLE FIRE.  THEY HAVE ENABLED TO THROUGHLY ENJOY THE MUSIC THAT I HAVE PURCHASED FOR MY KINDLE FIRE.
The earphones are sturdy (a little heavy), well made, and deliver great sound.  Background noise is almost non-existent-it has to be quite loud for you to notice.  I'd buy these again.
After one month ( just outside the return limit for amazon ) the right side stopped working. This is my second set of headphones from JBuds.  I had the J4's for a year before the wires broke at the plug ( my fault from keeping my cellphone in my jacket pocket and kinking the wire every time I would put it in my pocket ).  With the J5's having a slightly different plug I figured they should last a bit longer.  Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.  I should have paid a bit more attention to the reviews that mentioned that one side would stop working early on.
Earbuds came quickly and as advertised. Great volume and quality sound.  The extra earbud adaptors was also a good value
This worked out just fine for viewing and hearing films on my Kindle Fire.  Fast delivery and reasonable price.  And it certainly is easy to store in its case.
These J5 Earbuds are really nice earbuds for sure, however the silicone ear pieces in my mind suck. The ones that came with these headphones did not fit my ears at all and did not create the sound results i wanted, not to mention they fell out of my ears every two seconds. I ended up putting on Sony's earpieces onto these earbuds, they sound great now with clear sound and good bass. Overall, good earphones, just the silicone earpieces need redesigning in my mind or buy a set of the Sony earpieces if you buy these earbuds and they will make these earphones ten times better.
I have tried a number of different earbuds for my iphone, including most of the higher end offerings in the Apple store like Altec Lansing and Sennheiser.  These Jbuds earbuds put out a sound on par with any of the $100+ earbuds I had tried previously, which all seemed to break eventually.  And these jbuds are at a lower price point.  Plus, I also like the look and feel of these earbuds and they are comfortable to wear.  I would recommend!
JBuds J5 Earbuds-Style Metal Headphones for iPod, iPad, Tablet, Kindle (Pink Lemonade). speedy shipment. Different size buds to fit any ear.  Works great.
i had these head phones for only one month before one of them blew out. i didn't have the volume high at all. I put in on in the morning with them working fine and then in the afternoon, they stopped working!
I love this product! Very nice bass, very durable product and come with 1 year warranty when registered on their website.
I've only been using this for about half an hour now so this is my review out of the box. The packaging was simple, easy to open. It came with three additional pairs of gel, I liked the standard one the best. I am not an audiophile but the sound wasn't very impressive. Nothing I haven't heard before. It isn't that bad either though, slightly better than those cheap earbuds. Comfort wise, you barely feel them in your ears unless you pull the wire. It fits securely in my ears and only comes out when I tug on the wire. The wire doesn't feel cheap and feels durable but not necessarily as durable as expensive earbuds might feel. I'm not entire a fan of the V shape design but it isn't that bad. I would like it if this came with it's own small case but sadly it doesn't. The shipping was incredibly fast though. The earbuds themselves are actually small, which is a good thing for comfort. Overall these aren't bad and I would recommend them to a friend.
I like a lot of bass and these deliver that, but they do not balance the highs so you get a very flat sound that is overpowered by Bass at all volume levels. They might be OK for some Rap. If MP3 players had an equalizer you might be able to compensate, but I am not aware of any that do. Very disappointing for the price. I have spent much less money and gotten much better sound quality. Lets hope at least that they are durable as the design implies. However, given the sound quality it probably won't matter because I will probably just toss them in a drawer. Which really makes them a rip-off now that I think about it. What good is durability if they sound like crap and you don't use them anyway. I want my money back.
I have recondidered my review, and givethis product a fair rating. Bass isnot as I was expecing, but it is adaquate.Wish the earbuds were marked, L and Right.It's because my right ear is weaker thanmy left.I decided to keep them, and not return theproduct.  Maybe I was expecting too muchwhen I placed the order.  I guess the customerwill have to figure our a way to keep theearbuds from falling out of your ears!Maybe I will take a small piece of a rubberband, and super glue it to the front of theear bud.They have earbuds on the market now, that STAYin your ears, and I should consider them.Sincerely,  Hank Roedell
I purchased the J5's and Skullcandy Ink'd at the same time to go with my Sandisk sansa clip zip. Incidentally, the ear buds that come with this were surprisingly good but being the shape they were they needed constant repositioning in the ear. Any physical activity would have been out of the question. Anyway, the Skullcandy's arrived first. I was very disappointed how "thin" they sounded across the entire musical spectrum. The ones included with my player were superior. The J5's came a few days later and I was very impressed. The sound was "rich". The bass was prominent and the mid range and highs were fine. They were a man among boys compared to the Skullcandy buds. They also were close to $10 more so that must be taken into account as well. In reading some of the reviews it seems the J5's are not all that durable so time will tell. As for now, I am very pleased.I have had these for nearly a year now and have had no problems. I use them when I want to just relax and listen to music. In other words, they do not get a lot of abuse. I think that the people who have had problems with them put them through too much and the cord gets yanked more than once which they don't like!! I recently tried some Bose $99 ear buds and the J5's were as good if not better. Can't go wrong for the price but treat them nice!!
I have been using mine for months and don't notice any signs of wear. The wires feel like they will last. I like the 45 degree connector.
This is probably my first time actually buying headphones. Previously I never had to, as I simply used the ones that came with ipod. But the iPod ear buds broke, so I was looking around for some great earbuds. My friend told me about JLab, Sehensier and SkullCandy. I checked out all 3, and ultimately I went with JLabs J5 because the inline mic would be useful. This cost more, but I guess you get what you pay for.The earbuds came in a pretty small, thin packaging. What comes in it? The earbuds, 4 size tips, a clip, and a card containing the serial number. NO manual is included, but the card sends you online to access the manual.When I get earphones, the main thing I look at is sound quality, how comfortable it is in my ears. The sound quality is amazing. I'm not even an audiophile, but even I could tell this is a significant upgrade over my original earbuds. Songs sound crystal clear, bass is good, it sounds like there is a mini-subwoofer in my head. While playing one song, I heard some strange noise, and I had to pause because I thought there was something wrong with my earbuds, or something's out there is going on. Apparently it's not any background noise, it's part of the instrumental in the song. While wearing these earbuds, I was able to discover new elements in songs that I have previously never known. Amazing! Now I'm listening to my music library over, rediscovering missing elements of a song. The Earbuds are incredibly comfortable as well, once you put them in, you can barely feel them. They have an earplug effect, so once you play a song, you totally isolate yourself from the outside world. There are 4 size tips, from 1-4(smallest to biggest). I have smaller ears, and I found that the size 2 are the best fit for me. If you think the earbuds aren't comfortable, you are likely using the wrong size tips. Don't assume which one will be the best, try on all of them for a while and see for yourself.I made a couple phonecalls with the mic. I used a Droid Incredible 2. Call quality was clear, and my girlfriend had no problem hearing me. There is one button on the mic, pressing it once plays/pauses your song. Pressing it twice skips to the next, while trice skips to previous. This button worked for both the iPod Touch 4G and Android Phones. Not sure about other devices.The earphones will stay in your ears during workouts. One way you can prevent it from falling out is to wrap it up and around your head. The downside is that sound of the cord hitting your body while running. Personally it isn't a big distraction to me. It's normal for sound-proof earbuds though, ever tried on an earplug? You can solve that problem by using the clip on the cord. The J4s look a lot more durable than thisOverall, excellent earbuds. However, the J4s do look more durable than this. Durability is something that can only be tested with time. I've only had these for about a week. I'll update this after a while, and see how these earbuds hold up. As for now, I'm happy with my purchase.
I bought, after reading reviews.  Let's start with sound.  Which is the only good thing I could say about these things.  I didn't fully burn them in, but out of package I could def. hear potential.  Out of package bass was good, the rest of sound is muddy, but u can tell that would change after burn in.  As far as everything else.  The build reminded me of the klipsch, just didn't think it was very durable.  And finally, that wire noise.  It's simply unbearable. I mean u touch the bud while in ear, and u get a incredibly loud thump, just touching it.  Touch the wire, and u get a loud thump, that gets louder, the further up u go.  I cannot recommend these buds. Unless u lay perrfectly still while listening, u cannot enjoy these buds.  J-Lab please work on that.  That's def. a deal breaker.  I've never heard wire noise that bad before.  I use to buy $15 buds.
Had the Jbuds for about a day before making decision to send back. For 30 dollars I was expecting performance that would be better than a 10 dollar set, but was not the case.  Did a comparison with some entry level Sony's, and there was no comparison. Maybe they were faulty, the volume was extremely low compared to 3 other sets of buds that were cheaper.  Bass was non existent.  Sent back to Amazon.  Do not recommend.
These earbuds are fantastic - comfortable fit, great sound quality, reasonably priced, small enough and pliable enough to fit inside anything. I use them while at the gym or on long walks, and they stay securely in my ears, too.
Sounds good. Nothing special. Doesn't stay in ear...keeps falling off despite multiple ear adapters. Gave to my nephew. I never liked in-ear headphones. Guess I need over-the-head headphones
For what I paid (19.99 when these were on sale) I'd say it was well worth it. There are some problems like some weird static when I use them on the computer, but they do exactly what I bought them for: comfortable headphones that help block out noise.
I have tried the $300 earbuds and this one, and believe me there is no difference if this one is not better. The only down side is that it hurts your ears after a while of listening to music, but you can fix that using the right size ear bulbs.
A great value for an awesome set of earphones!  My previous set were nearly double as expensive, and these have better sound quality.
Athogh I have only used these for 1 day, I am very very pleased with them.  Sound quality is excellent, bass is a major step-up from basic Apple headphones. Here was my experience though once they came:I could not get the inline remote to work with my iPhone 4. I tested it and it worked on an ipod and Droid, so I was very confused, and angry.  After registering my product on the JLab site (1 year warranty) I was able to make my claim and a new product was then shipped to me at no cost! BUT....I called JLab just to see if they could hep, and the guy recommended I check my iPhone headphone jack for dust....and so I did......FOR ANYONE NOT BEING ABLE TO GET THE REMOTE TO WORK WITH YOUR IPHONE, GET A DUST REMOVER AND THAT SHOULD FIX THE PROBLEM (3-4 sprays).Anyway, now I have 2 completely functional headsets thanks to JLab.Love the metal construction, although the earbuds will take some time to get used to, and they do tend to slip out of your ears if you are not careful.  The sleek but so far sturdy colored cable is great. So far, these are excellent headphones and well worth the price.
As far as earbuds go, these work just fine. They get 5 stars because they function as well as an earbud can be expected to. The soundstage is pretty closed, but I find that with all 'buds. The response is smooth and pretty accurate, with adequate bass. I cannot compare these to "high-end" 'buds, but compared to similar priced offerings from Koss, AT, and the likes, these sound very good.Construction is rugged - I don't expect any problems.
they are ok for the time being, will look  for some better ones even if it means paying more money
These were my first in-ear headphones. Being used to the standard iPod headphones, these took a little while to adjust to.  At first they felt a little awkward and still do at times (I've had them for about 5 months). They are not extremely comfortable, but they have grown on me over time.  The sound quality is very good, especially compared to the iPod headphones. It is almost impossible to hear anything going on around you while wearing these headphones so that's something to consider if you plan on jogging or biking in public with these.The major downside to these headphones (and the reason for only four stars) is the amount of noise you hear from hitting the cord while listening to music.  It is very distracting, and it only takes slight movement to make the noise. This means that if you are running with these, you really have to crank up the volume to try to ignore the sounds from bumping the cord.Overall, these are great for studying or anything that doesn't involve much movement.  Even with the cord noise, these are still better than the iPod headphones for workout and running.
These headphones are wonderful creatures except for one thing: their fragility. On my first pair, the connector between the jack and the headphone broke, and within a week of reviving my second pair, the right ear blew out. Bottom line is: don't buy them. Yes, they have both the Amazon and JLab warranty, but after two pairs in less than  a month, I think I'll switch brands.
I bought these when my Skull Candy set quit working and man am I impressed. They arrived quickly and exactly as they were described. Cord length is perfect for the gym. I know you can spend a lot more money for ear buds, but I don't know how the more expensive ones could be any better.
Is the sound Good? Yes. These sound better than the BOSE that cost upwards of $120.However, the microphone stopped working twice now. The first pair within 6 months I requested the warranty worked but for the microphone and skip functions, then my second pair stopped working again within 4 months. I bought these mostly for the cheap price, good sound quality and the microphone.But I will not buy again if the lifetime of the microphone is a 5 month period. They still work as headphones, but every time I need to answer a call I must remove the headphones since the mic doesn't work, and the microphone on the phone is disabled if the headphones are plugged in.
Received these JBuds for Christmas and love them.  Nice fit into the ear with a comfortable fit. I recommend these.
These buds are worth the investment.  Look nice, feel nice and sound great for the cost.  Highly recommended for the average user.
Very "tinnie" sound quality. Worthless for music listening but okay for narratives. I would not recommend these to anyone. Your money is better spent elsewhere.
Got these as a Christmas gift. Broke within 3 weeks. The right ear bud broke apart. Excellent sound while it lasted though. For the price, I expected them to last longer.
I bought these ear buds for my son for Christmas, and he loves them.  He said they are better quality than other ear buds he's used.
The comfort and the fit are the best qualities of these ear pieces. I have owned several ear phones and these have been the best yet.  The soft buds with different sizes make this the ideal set to buy at such a reasonnable price.
Bought one pair and they stopped working after about an hour of use.  RMA for a new pair and the replacements stopped working after about two hours of use.  Buy a pair of sony instead.
The buds keep popping out of my ears - I find them uncomfortable and extremely frustrating. Sorry I bought them.
I've had these headphones for a few weeks now, and I'm very happy with them. For ear-buds, they sound great. I upgraded from some $10 walmart inner-ear headphones, and these sound far better especially the bass.
i guess this is more of a j4 review than the j5;my favorite j4 was better;the bass was deeper and the timbre clearer without too sharp of a pitch;alas it broke after 13 months exactly to the day when i ordered it (also from amazon);don't know what to say about that, maybe it's just its lifetime;but i can say this about j5 when i thought of ordering a replacement: "hmm... 1 number  up, would be better i'd guess or at least the same";it's not;for "one version newer" it's worse than j4;not so bad that i can't use it at all, but the pitch is so high, gives me ringing ears after about 15-20mins of use (that's just barely 4-5 songs);no bass at all;basically j5 is everything of what my j4 was not, in a negative way;i don't feel like returning or exchanging it, too much hassle;and i'd probably give 1-star if i were in a bad mood;but i guess i'll be nice and say i don't like it;j5, y u disappoint?
They work with ASUS TF 201. Sound is very good and Skype connectivity is very good as well. Good and fast service. Would recommend to all.
I have purchased "JBuds J5M w/Mic" as replacement of the regular iPhone Headphone because I've lost it.Its perfect if you want to use as headphone only BUT DON'T but it if you're looking to use the microphone it make noises that the others would NOT hear you at ALL !I've asked amazon for replacement hopefully the replacement will work this time, Thanks to Amazon
Great sound quality, fit, and design. The left bud however stopped working after four weeks. So disappointing!! I would not have been so upset for $10 headphones but for $30 I expect the device to last for, say, a month (or longer is fine too!)! 1 star!UPDATE:BUYER BEWARE! Second pair again stopped working too. These are perhaps the most fragile headphones. The saddest part is that I do nothing that should test the devise. DO NOT BUY!!
I bought these as a gift and she loves them. They work well with the iPhone, are comfy, and have the microphone built-in for taking calls without having to put the phone to your ear and mouth. It was my first JBuds purchase and I think I'll try them again.
i bought these as replacement for my old bluetooth headsetthey hasve such rich sound that i love them they also come in nice colors my wife got the pink onesonly problem while wearing them if they brush on something you can hear like a rubbing soundotherwise i love the jbudswill be getting the ones with microphones built in next
I have been a fan of jlab for a while now and was completely blown away by the sound of the new j5's. They have a great build quality that equals the j4's and the sound is even better with a sharper bass response plus a better overall sound in the middle/high ends.
I have been a fan of jbuds since I first bought the j2's. These are of the same quality that the jbuds have lived up to. The only problems were that it didn't come with a case, which they usually do come with, and that when I got them mine were defective. When I plugged them into my iPod and played some music the right earbud was quieter and had worse sound quality than the left one. But I had no worries because I returned them for some new ones and now they work great as they should.Pros:-Great sound quality for the price.-They fit in my ear great and come with a variety of earbud sizes.-Cord is long enough for my daily routine.-Not too heavy so I can use them for running.Cons:-They were defective when I got them, although it might only be a small percentage of  ones that are broken as when I got new ones they worked great.-No case to put the earbuds in.Overall they are excellent earbuds for their price and I think they are worth it to buy. Hope this helped.
I originally thought these earbuds were awesome. They fit well, sound good, and weren't too pricey. The only complaint I originally had was that the in-line controls offered no volume control. Besides that, they felt like a great buy...Until I started getting little electric shocks in my ear. At first it just sounded like static on the line (weird for my own MP3s, but not earth shattering). Then they started actually feeling like shocks, each one feeling like a bubble was BURSTING in my ear. I found this annoying and slightly painful, but they happened so irregularly that I figured I could continue using it.Then the right earbud went dead. The in-line controls still work, so the wiring issue has to be from the earbud down to the controller. However, it is not like I use these in high contact or abrasive areas. I have never removed them from my desk at work, so they have been in a nice, calm, safe environment since purchase, yet they failed. I only had the item for a month or so, so this came as a big surprise.They seem to want to help me out, but since I threw the original packaging away after I opened it (who holds onto packaging anymore?), they want me to mail them back, just to get a serial number assigned to them. I imagine after they mail the P.O.S back to me, they will want me to then RE-MAIL it back to have them fixed. A lot of hoops to jump through. This will be the last pair of headphones I ever buy from J-Labs... just not worth it.
The product as met expectations and the overall value is excellent. I would strongly recommend them to anyone who is looking for a superior product.
These are excellent earbuds. They're very comfortable, deliver great sound, and are extremely durable. The sound, including the bass, is outstanding.
Great sound, has noise cancellation of earphones three times as high and excellent stereo separation. Great service on delivery. Using them on my Kindle Fire.
received the JBuds today.  The Right bud did not work at all.  The Left one worked fine.  Also did not receive a invoice in box. When I sent it back for a replacement didn't have one to put in box.  This was very careless of Amazon.
Listened the sound quality of this earphone from a friend of mine and I was pleased with the overall sound quality, especially with the price, you can't go wrong. Planning to buy one for myself.
This product does not have any volume control. You cannot even receive calls by pressing on the one button. Not just that there are times when you will go mute until you take off these headsets.You can spend your money buying something better. Even standard apple ones are better than this.
What a pleasant surprise.  How nice to listen to music, radio, Kindle books without external noise distraction.  Does not eliminate all noise (good because we still need to be aware of surroundings) but these are light-years ahead of what we had been using.  The multi-sized earbud cushions (included) are nice for different purposes.  The price was right and should have upgraded years ago.
They fit my ears, they sound great, dont have a problem with the static or echo as some reviewers reported. Of coarse this is my first time using ear buds, always used earphones before. I thought the price was very reasonable.
I bought these for my son, and he loves them he is very particular about his earbuds, he has small earcannals and these are perfect some are too big, but these are perfect, and they have wonderful sound quality, he listens to a lot of base, and it doesn't thump your head, :)
I've never ordered a set of earbuds off the Internet before, but I have to say I'm glad I did. These headphones sound as good as my system in my truck! They have awesome sound with great bass. They're high quality headphones that honestly should cost more! haha.
As a guy who has bought every pair of JLab Earbuds since J3, these are easily the most comfortable. The different sizes for the heads can fit just about any ear, they don't fall out of your ear, the angle on the wire is perfect. The only complaint is that after a few weeks owning the J5M's, the earbud with the microphone attached to it died on me; I'd stick with just purchasing the J5's.
I must say that I really do like the bass in these jbuds.  I also like the selection of extra buds.  I actually swapped the ones that were on them with a smaller pair which fits perfectly in my ear.  With the smaller pair, I am able to fit the jbuds a little deeper into my ear thus allowing the bass to sound fantastic.  The smaller issue with a little cord movement being heard is very minimal.  If you touch your fingers anywhere near the mic, you can hear through the jbuds.  They are sensitive that way.  But its minimal and definitely does not distract from the amazing sound quality at all.  I like them so far.  I even found a little case to keep them in so I can keep them in my purse without damaging them in some way.
These were purchased on a whim to replace plenty of other (lesser quality) ear buds.  These are great.  The sound quality is crisp.  Highs are high and the lows are low which doesn't happen that easily with lesser ear buds and get this, they stay in your ears while cancelling out most noise.  I would and have recommended these to others.
I once had the J2 headphones but alas, I lost them. I came back to amazon to order them and saw that there was an updated version. I got the J5 the next day. I immediately put them to use. Come to find out it does making that popping noise when I put them in. Also, the left earbud refused to work. One positive is that You can't hear anything else the world is saying.
some how the earbuds seem uncomfortable to wear. the sound on the headphone is good. I give it 3 out 5 stars
There are two J5 JBud models.  One with microphone, and the one I bought by mistake.  Headphones are great and sound super clear, I just wished info had been clearer a the time of purchas so I could detect I was making a mistake.
This is my third pair of JBuds.  I also have a set of J3s and J3Ms (both still working).  These, however, lasted about a month and a half and then the right ear bud stopped working.  I thought that they sounded very good while they lasted, but I don't think I'll be getting another set.
I bought the J5 as a replacement to the iphone speakers.  The J5 was awesome - nice bass and midrange - which is lacking on the iphone speakers.  The problem is after 2 weeks of use, the right side stopped working.  It took a few weeks but I finally got a replacement from Jlab.  I got a little frustrated with the replacement process but eventually, the company was able to work it out.  I really like to give this product a 5 star but I'll hold off for now until I get some more usage and see if this new pair lasts for a while.
I bought these for my wife to use with her iPod nano at work.  She really enjoys them.  At first her ears would get sore after a couple of hours with them in but I am glad to say that her ears are used to them and don't get sore at all anymore.They come with a variety of inserts/ear pieces to fit in most ears.  We recommend this product.
i bought these to send to a Marine that is serving in Afghanistan, he is  very happy with my choice, thank you so much for your prompt service as it takes time to mail to him there.JBuds J4 Rugged Metal In-Ear Earbuds Style Headphones with Travel Case (Obsidian Black)
I purchased the first set as the reviews were fairly positive.  I liked the swappable rubber gaskets so you could get one that was most comfortable for your ear size.  One side of the ear phone felt like it was giving me little electric shocks and became too uncomfortable to wear so I ended up just using one side until the replacements came.  The second set suffers from what sounds like a gieger counter when you dscover radio active material (only way I could think to describe the noise).  I have used in multiple devices and the same result.  Sending them back today.
Very useful when I want to watch or listen to music on my Kindle Fire.I love my K.F. and I am always very pleased whenever I purchase anything from Amazon.
These earbuds are of poor quality. The earbuds stopped working within 3 weeks of use. Although the sound quality is good, it poor quality will cause the headphones to stop working randomly.
The earbuds I ordered and received work perfectly with my new Kindle Fire.  The tone and volume are just right.  They are a pleasure to use.
I had the same problem as a lot of other people that the bud split open after a week.  Too bad, I've liked past models from this manufacturer.
Going to start off by saying that I don't ONLY listen to metal... =)These buds deliver impeccably perfect balance between bass and treble.They are loud as hell and the sound quality is ridiculous- as in sick- as in incredible.I've gone through multiple ear buds in the past- these without a doubt take the cake. I'm talking about sound so clear, you feel like you're hearing a whole new song due to the fact the precision in the technology of the ear buds almost allows you to hear "new" sounds in the music you are listening to (no joke).The fit as well- is wicked. lots of ear piece sizes to choose from! love that.All around- this piece is uber rad and I highly recommend. cheers to loud music!
I have purchased $10 earbuds that are far and away better quality than this. The overall sound quality is just awful. Day 2 of owning these, the right earbud just stopped working. Just a piece of junk.
They were great for a whole two weeks. Then the left ear piece stopped working entirely. I stored them carefully in a case every time I was done with them and didn't abuse the wiring at all. I've always been a fan of JBuds, but given their tendency to malfunction (this is my third pair that's done just this) so quickly, I'm going to have to start looking for a company that provides a much better product.
I have bought jlabs j2, j4, and now the j5.  I think one of the main reasons why i continue purchasing from this company is the amazing warranty they offer.  My j2's broke in about 6 months, but thanks to the one year warranty, I was given another earphone. My j4's lasted 2 years and finally died but the j5's lasted the shortest.I absolutely love the sound quality of the j5's, but the quality makes me sad. The connector between the earphone and the wire became shotty and cuts in and out after 2 weeks of normal use (laptop office use).  If it were not for the warranty I might start looking into other brands. I really want to like this company but the quality continues to dip after each subsequent headphones.
Speaker blew on the left side after just 24 hours of use there is now a loud crackling sound from that side only, I even switched ears. I'm returning them and getting a different brand. I don't trust the quality of these. Especially after reading all the reviews of how the speakers blew!I received the earbuds and was initially unimpressed by it's simple plastic wrapper packaging and lack of a nice carrying case that the J3 earbuds came with. So after I ripped open my plastic bag and looked at my earbuds the first thing I noticed is the quality. It feels dense and solid, not squishy like the J3 earbuds. The ear rubber pieces are ok but still they need to make them thicker/denser. I noticed that the ones that came with the J3's got softer over time and eventually very uncomfortable as the hard plastic rubs up against your inner ear. Which is part of the reason why I decided to upgrade to these ones now. The wires are a thick heavily coated rubber, imagine like the rubber on the batman suit, it looks like that. The connectors are all gold plated. Yada yada, I figured if they just sounded a little bit better than the J3 earbuds I'd be happy since I bought those on clearance and those were great. The first thing I thought when I started the music was "wow." I actually popped my head back a little as a reflex. The bass is BOOMING. Like crystal clear. It sounds like I installed a Bose subwoofer inside my head right now, I'm listening to Drake's new album. Any way by the time "I'm so prouda you" came on I was balling like a little school girl. The sound was so intense that it overwhelmed me. I think these would be an awesome gift for a chick. I think they would get me sex. I really do. You should buy these.
I bought these headphones on November 30th last year.. and the left headphone is already dead. I noticed that the noise coming out of it was much softer than the right side, but I thought oh well maybe it'll fix itself. Two days later, there's not a single noise coming out of the left side. Plus, when I used these heads for a run they do not stay in place at all not to mention, when the cords rub against each other its so loud I can hear it with music playing.. definitely will not be purchasing these again.
I bought these a few months back. I used to have the original Jbuds, and they broke very easily. This model has a much better elbow on the audio jack, so it has been holding up much better. The bass sounded awesome on mine until I left them in my jeans and they got machine washed. I let them dry out for a day and they still worked! The bass was significantly reduced afterwards, but I am still pretty impressed. JLabs have a really good warranty, too - just keep the serial number that comes with the headphones and you can get them replaced if they break.
I purchased these earbuds for both my boys - 14 and 18. They are both really happy with the quality - and my 14 year old is really happy with their fit.
Bought a pair of JBuds J5 headphones for Christmas.  They lasted one week before the left earphone stopped working.  We returned them and the "new" pair did not work at all.  Same problem.  Junk, crap, buy a different pair and save time and money.
They need to test this product before put it into the market. The headphones will fall off from your ears. No bass coming out from the headphones.
I do not like to complain and I actually hope these speakers were defective.  My wife also bought these and hers were as bad as mine. I used the earbuds that came with the Apple IPod to compare and bang, there was the good sound.  We returned these immediately.  Sound was tinny, no base at all. Avoid.
I must agree with "Brian"s review of this product.  From the packaging to the quality of the earbuds the product made a good impression.  Once I adjusted my Iphones eq settings the sounds was very warm and rich.  Definately more than I expected as I was primarily buying these buds for their Iphone controls.  However, after listening to them for a few days I am going to replace my trusty Seinheiser buds and use these for my daily commute (3 hrs of train travel).  Glad I bought these!
The J5's are a nice improvement over the j3's .They seem to have a bit more bass just got them today . I ordered them through Amazon next time i will order direct . Amazon charges tax and there free shipping was extremely slow . If you order direct you can take advantage of a promo 20% OFF through Facebook and there is no sales tax. I thought Amazon would have faster shipping ...not ! Next time I need a pair I'll buy direct from jbuds site.Sorry Can't post there website amazon will sensor it.
Pretty good but not great. Sound could be a bit better. Plus cord could be a bit longer.But for the money its good.
These headphones are very good sound quality great price great product and is very high quality for 30 dollars! Amazing sound good base, and comfortable.
I love the sound and the quality build of the earpiece.As i bought two, one for me and another for my friend, one of the earpiece I received was spoilt. As I reside in Singapore, I contacted the customer service and they were willing to send me a new one after I provided them with pictures of the spoilt earpiece.I gave it 2 stars off because they promised that they will ship out the order in 24 hours upon confirmation but it was only 2 weeks after that they shipped out. Their customer service was very prompt, however, due to whatever luck I was in, I received another defected one. This time I contacted them but to no avail after 2 days, thus, I am still waiting for their reply.
I have had a few different styles of earbuds from various manufacturers and to date these J5's are my favorite. I have heard much more expensive buds before (about 150.00 price range) and these compare very favorably for a fraction of the price. The manufacturers "burn in" instructions were followed to a tee and DOES make a difference in the quality of the sound. I found the other key to the quality of sound is the fit. If you make the air tight fit you will get the full range with excellent bass. I love my pair and I'm happy with my purchase.
Ordered on 27 Dec 2011 and received on the 29th. After less than one week of use, the left ear bud started to cut in and out and is now out about 95% of the time.  Now, I've owned the J3M buds with the same problem with my first pair going out after 3-4 months but I could not have been happier with the second set provide under warranty, they sounded great and continued to plug away still after almost a yr.  but unfortunate while helping my in-laws move, my buds were lost. It was for this reason I decided to go with the J5M as replacements as they were the upgraded version. Well, I haven't had them working long enough to find out.  And now, as some other reviews have written, this seems to be a very common problem with these earbuds and yet I cannot process a warranty claim thru the JLab website because it is impossible to navigate beyond the Troubleshooting section. I have sent three emails to JLab concerning this in the last week but so far have not received any type of response. So it seems that I will be returning thru Amazon and forgo any type of warranty with JLab Audio. This will be simply money wasted.
These Jbuds work great, sound good and are just about as rugged as they get. I've left them in my work out clothes and washed and dried them 3 times now and they still sound the same. I bought a backup just in case, havn't had to crack them open even after the washer and drier events.
These headphones are cheap, not just inexpensive, but also poorly constructed. When I went to change the interchangeable rubber earbuds, the speaker actually detached from the body. It seems like they used cheap glue to put everything together. Since this happened within minutes of opening the product, I returned them. Even if I had been extremely careful (now knowing they are quite delicate), these headphones would clearly have eventually broken in the same way from normal use.I'm assuming most people will throw around their headphones in their pocket or bag or wherever. I doubt these would stand up to such mild "abuse." Overall, I was hoping that these were high-quality, inexpensive headphones, but sadly, they're just cheap. I suggest forgoing these and instead purchasing higher quality products, as those will easily stand the test of time and be worth your while.
I purchased these for $20. I used them once and the housing came apart on the right side.  I tried again; this time the sound started fluctuating on the same, right, side.  I tried a third time; this time the sound went out, I went to take the headphones out and the earbud broke off while still in my ear! This is why I buy from Amazon- Thanks for returning it guys!
I purchased the Jbuds J5 Earbuds for my 14 year old daughter for the Christmas Holiday 2010.  She absoulutely loves the product.  The pink color also helps.  My daughter is very technically connected and uses it for her iPod, and Ipad.  The sound quality is very crisp and clear she can hear every beat her teenage heart desires.  Usually when i make a purchase to enhance her technical experience i don't always get it just right, but guess what the Jbuds J5 earbuds did it.  They are very lightweight and the cord isn't unusally long they fit into her ear snuggly and not just bothersome either.
When they are functioning correctly, these earbuds are pretty cool.  They look nice, and the button for answering calls also allows you to change songs forwards or backwards when you're listening to music.  The problem with these is that when your ipod is in your pocket and you are walking around, the right ear bud causes occasional small shocks (at least once an hr)to your right ear that don't seem safe - especially if there is a larger shock later.  I don't know if this has to do with the electrical wiring or connection, but I would be wary when purchasing this item.
I got these buds for my son for Christmas. He was delighted-for the first hour of listening. Great range, clear highs, not excessive bass.....Then no more sound out the Right earbud. What a bummer. I read some great reviews of this product, so I'm giving them a second chance and having them replaced by Amazon. Amazon certainly makes the replacement process as painless as possible. I hope the replacements live up to the great reviews.
I bought these earbuds looking for headphones with great sound, noise cancellation, bass, good looks, and inline controls. These headphones met all my expectations except there are no volume switches on the inline controls. There is only a play/pause button and a mic. the play pause button is very very slightly wobbly/loose but it is definitely nothing to worry about. the mic works great with good sound quality(or so my friends tell me). the mic is better than the apple stock headphones mic by a lot. the button itself performs well, it does play/pause/next track/previous track/and cancels calls. also if you hold down the button it activates siri for the iphone 4s. very good for if you are too lazy to take your phone out of your pocket constantly to change the song.as for the missing volume buttons it does not make a big impact because iphones already have volume buttons on the side. the only problem ive had with these earbuds is that i have small earholes so i used the smallest size(there are 4 sizes total) but the right earbud slips out every once in a while because it is too small. i think i might have differently sized earholes so it might not apply to other people. anyways the sound quality is great and the bass is decent. the line is not too long but it is a decent length, long enough comfortably walk around with your phone in your pocket. the stethoscope effect that everyone says plagues these headphones is barely apparent. not a big problem. these earbuds are fine to walk around in but i wouldnt recommenend jogging.Anyways these headphones are great, they look cool, and are definitely worth the price.(retail value is $50)
These are inner ear buds, so expect the normal rattling in your ear until they adjust. Very high quality sound, and quite cheap too ($29.95). I ordered them on 12/30/2011. They were expected to come by 1/9/2012 and showed up 4 days early on 1/5/2012. I love the way they look, and I'm a very satisfied customer.
I purchased these earbuds for my nephew as a Christmas gift.  Here it is January 28th, just over a month later & they don't work. He said that for the time that they worked the sound was awesome but now he only hears music out of 1 side. I realize that they were not the most expensive; yet they weren't the cheapest. Even if they were I would think they should last longer than a month.
These earbuds have a good quality sound when listening to music or playing movies on my iPhone. It's in a phone call that the quality diminishes. I bought a couple of these around Christmas with a special JLabs was running. I've used their J4M's so I decided to try these out. To my dismay both J5M's have the same problem that there appears to be a design flaw where the wire goes into the 1/8" jack because if it moves during a call the person on the other line can no longer hear me talking until I jiggle the wire and get it to reconnect.I have sent 2 emails to JLab in an attempt to talk to them about the problem I'm having with no response. So at this point I would vote against this particular model.
when you touch the cord, you hear a static sound, something is strange about the sound when in contact with something, but it all comes from the cord when it touches thing
Great look and color and the adjustable earbuds fit, however the sound quality was inconsistant and would get static and every time I turned my head I would get a shock in my left ear. They had to be defective. NOT FUN. I had to return them.
The cord for these earbuds pick up noise from the slightest movement or touch.Maybe mine are defective, regardless it is very annoying. I am not pleased with this product.
I absolutely loved these when they worked as they were small and lightweight and didn't stick out at all. They also came with multiple size tips which is always a plus since these types of buds are never one size fits all. The sound was great straight out of the package and it did what I wanted in having a low volume setting while still having clear music.I was only able to use them for about three weeks before I realized it wasn't my ear clogged up (like when the altitude changes while on an airplane) and it was indeed the right bud that no longer worked. I don't know why it took me so long to attempt to see if I could hear out of the other bud with the "clogged" ear. Unfortunately in the three weeks I did use them, it was very infrequent as I wanted to take care of them as much as possible as they were new and shiny. I actually think they went out within a week and a half to two weeks with roughly 3-5 uses on them but at the time I really believed my ear was clogged since you plug up your ears and all that. This resulted in a total of under ten total uses before only one bud was left in working condition. The thing was that there was no indication of it going out at all, no snap, crackle, nor pop. Now, I just throw them around carelessly since they're already "broken".TL:DR;Pros: Looks nice, lightweight, comfortable, does what it shouldCons: They seem to not last very long. Thats what I get for going for it as maybe half(?) the reviews I'd read about it stated they didn't live very long.
I've dragged them through snow..I've rolled around on them all night..I'VE PUT THEM THROUGH THE WASHING MACHINE..They still sound amazing.Kthxbai
I have a thing for purple so when I saw these I just had to have them. They are a great length so they don't pull out of your ears easily, and they are small enough to be quite discreet when they need to be.I bought them for my Kindle Fire but they also work with my iPod.
These earbuds have an awesome color-scheme that really adds to the "wow"-factor.  They're a lot smaller than I expected since I previously owned a pair of Shure E2G's.  The medium sized earpieces that came with these fit my ears perfectly, although I haven't worn a pair of in-ear buds in a while so my ears are still getting used to things being shoved into them.  I've had it for 2 days so far and the sound quality is fairly decent considering the price-tag.  The low-ends are pretty good for small buds but the highs don't seem too crisp to me.  I'm not complaining though - I'll mainly use these at work or maybe working out (not sure since the wires do seem pretty thin) and not for any of the music editing/production or DJing I do.  I'd go for buds that are of better build and sound quality for DJing.This set is also cool in that it has a built-in mic/remote on the right ear wire.  The button works just like the ipod touch earbuds I've used before - 1 click to pause/play, 2 clicks to skip the current track, and 3 clicks to back up a track.  I do kind of wish there were actually 3 buttons - 2 more for volume, but that's not too big of a deal.Overall, this is an awesome product for the sub $40 price and I'd recommend it to any mobile device users seeking a pair of cheaply priced earbuds.
Being a poor college student, I was heavily debating whether to get these headphones or to opt for a less expensive pair. Now that I have them, I'm very glad I bought them. The sound quality is great. I tend to listen to a lot of rock and metal music, and it sounded nearly as good through these headphones as it did on my brother's brand new $250.00 beats. They're also very durable.
I've used the J2, J3, J4, Q1 and now the J5's.  The J5 earbuds sound the best !! I've been using these J5's for almost two months and will update later about their durablility. As for the complaints about the cord noises----just run the cord over the top of your ears then insert----noise problem is solved.
I bought these in anticipation of my buying the Kindle Fire.  I used the ear buds with my iPod touch and they are phenomenal.  Not only is the sound quality wonderful, but they eliminate outside noise (my co-worker had to tap me on the shoulder to get my attention, she said she had been yelling my name but I definitely did not hear her.)  That is soooooooooooooooo worth the price!  I will get a pair of these for every audio device I own!
CAUTION  Second day review... down from four stars to one star CAUTION... do not expect to be happy with these earbuds if you plan to move at all while wearing them, unless you can keep the cord from touching your body anywhere. Every single step I took this morning went right up my legs, through the wire, and reverberated like a loud drumbeat. Every rub of the wire against my coat produced crackling. AMAZON, drop this product. It is unacceptable.
Fabulous sound. Fits great. Will be buying more when I lose these (premonition). I'm no music affectionato, but these buds are bringing me closer.
I'm bummed about these headphones!  This is my 5th pair of JBuds in less than 2 years so I've accepted that none of their headphones last very long but one of the earphones on this pair went out after 4 hours of use.Prior to the earphone malfunctioning, I was very disappointed with the sound.  I've owned 4 pairs of J3 earbuds, which I bought over and over again because of the sound.  They blocked out just the right amount of noise so that I couldn't hear the music in the gym but could tell if someone was trying to talk tome.  The J3s have great bass and dynamic sound quality.  The J5 earbuds sounded like speakers that had blown because they had been played too loud with the bass too high.  The sound had to be played at a very low volume, otherwise the sound quality deteriorated and sounded scratchy.I also didn't like the length of the cord, which I found awkwardly long.  I preferred the length of the J3, which has a small piece that holds the cords together under your chin.  This piece reduces cord movement and helps keep the earbuds firm in your ears.  The J5 earbuds don't have this piece but come with a clip attachment.  I couldn't find a way to make the clip useful.There were two improvements to the J5 compared to the J3.  The earphone tips fit better and stayed in my ears better.  The cord attachment to the plug appeared to be stronger.  I'll give the J4 earbuds a try before I go back to my Sennheiser CX 680 Sports headphones, which last through everything but don't sound as good as the J3s.
i wore them for two weeks till they fell out of my hears ,hit the ground and no longer worked .sounded good while they lasted though!ive droped other ear buds and they seam to take the hit and keep working and they were under $15.00 !so my rating is two stars
These ear buds are good for listening to my music, but not for long periods.  The bass is a bit too much and the high notes too high.  The middle is lacking a bit.  But, they are comfortable and the price is great!
I have these earbuds for over two weeks now and they do seem to sound a little nicer before they were exposure to those pink/white noise. I originally bought them as a set of spare therefore I wasn't expecting anything spectacular. The sound on these are decent, nothing too dramatic in difference to talk about. Depending on how you place the tips, the bass will overcome your vocals dramatically. While I do like lots of bass, the bass seem a little off and not quite as good or clean. On some songs, it can be overly annoying.The mic seems to work well on an iPhone (mine was iPhone 4)--haven't tested on other apple products or devices. The call quality is above average. The person on the other line do notice a clearer call quality as compared to without the headset. I have not had any problems with the button--assuming you are using it for fast-forwarding, replay, pause, and continue.I primarily use this earbuds/headset for running. The earbuds does seem to stay on, and depending on what tips you use, it can be good or bad. The package come with a clip that you can attach to your shirt, thus making it easier when running so the wires wouldn't get in the way.I use a Belkin armband with a Belkin cord capsule (easily wrap your eadbuds' cord, this and the clip makes it a lot easier for me to run)SummaryBASS: 7SOUND: 8DESIGN: 8DURABLE: 9MIC/CALLING: 9BUTTON CONTROL: 10Ultimately, if you want a spare headset/earbuds that has pretty decent sound and are on a budget, I would recommend getting one of these.UPDATE as of 04.24.12The left earphone is no longer functional. I had couple of issues with the right one as well but it started working fine last week. My lifestyle is not a stress-test simulator for these headphones so I really don't know why they would die out and leave me hanging with just one earphone to work with. I take care of them really well and I usually carry it inside my backpack's mp3 pocket. Guess I have to check the warranty.
Excellent turn around time.  Excellent packaging.  Excellent product.  What more can be said?  If you make it inconvenient to rate a package, I just won't do it.
Although the sound quality is good for this price range, I am not particularly satisfied with my purchase.  The inclusion of an inline microphone was a deal-breaker for me so I was very disappointed to find that the microphone does not include volume controls.  I reread the product description and though it does not say that there are no volume controls, I find it a bit disingenuous that the absence of this feature is not mentioned.  The closeup pictures led me to believe the volume control was part of the middle button, which looked to me like a toggle switch.  Obviously I was wrong and I became so annoyed with the lack of volume controls (and my inability to break the habit of clicking on the inline button to adjust the volume) that I stopped using them altogether and have reverted back to the crappy Apple earbuds.That said, if you are looking for run-of-the-mill earbuds at a good price and couldn't care less about volume controls, these are a reasonable option.  Unfortunately, since I haven't used them but a few times, I can't comment on their durability or longevity.
The sound and everything was good.  But within one week of having them the sound went out on one side of the earbuds, so it only works in one ear.  I have had this problem in the past with cheaper headphones but they atleast lasted months before breaking.  Very disappointed as I thought a more expensive pair would bring better quality. Better off just buying a couple of cheap pairs for this price.
These really sound great.  The fit could could be better, the buds tend to need to be reseated too often.
These earbuds got good reviews, so I purchased them as a gift for my brother, who recently got a new phone.  Unfortunately, after one day of use, the right earbud stopped working, for no apparent reason.
As soon as I received the product I noticed one of the ear phones was not working as well as the other. I called Amazon to return the product. Since it had come directly from JBL I was asked the pay the shipping fees to return. Upon receiving the credit I noticed that they deducted a re-stocking fee, even though the product was defective.Upon contacting JBL I was told that the product worked fine when they received it, so the fee was deducted.Don't bother with this product, there are better options on Amazon with the same or lower price and no return issues.
Shipped super fast (actually, it arrived before Amazon suggested which was super cool with the Christmas holiday being a factor), and was exactly as advertised...  Will order again.Thanks!
Love the attractive Sneakerhead Red/Black combination. They look pretty sturdy. Not too keen on the rubber hosing, as it gets caught on my clothes and bag. Sound is great if I can keep the buds in my ears. One size bud is a bit small, requiring constant tucking, and the one up is a bit big which gets uncomfortable after a while. The sound didn't take long to "break in" at all. These were replacements to my favorite Sony earbuds which stopped working in one ear after 3 years (I take great care with daily use, but stuff happens...) Unfortunately the current issue Sony earbuds, are now similarly ill-fitting, whereas they were once so comfortable I could wear them for hours. Perhaps I need more time for my ears to acclimate ... human ear holes being what they are, no one style or size fits all.
I bought these for my wife to match the color of her new Ipod Nano. She especially liked the fit and they sounded great. Unfortunately after an hour of use one of the speaker stopped working. Doing an exchange and hopethe next pair last longer.Update. The pair lasted a month before one of the speakers quit working. Unfortunately its now outside of the return time period. Life and learn. Won't not recommend these earbuds.
Very satisfied...good fit..good sound. Would have preferred a more tangle free cord. Also you really should purchase some sort of case for them to keep from getting knotted up.
Certainly not the sound quality you will get with some of the top brands but definitely a nice compliment to an iAnything. We'll see how they hold up to a couple of kids over time but so far so good. The packaging is pretty weak but then I can't complain about the price. Good value.
I have no complaints to express about these ear phones. They have excellent sound, durable construction, and the service that was provided by the vendor was first class.
I have problem with standard earbuds hurting & constantly falling out. Withadjustable sizes, they fit perfectly & are very comfortable. As a nice bonus, the sound reduction they offer is well done.
The set I ordered from Amazon did not work. After problems with the JLab website, I was able to contact their customer service by phone. JLab replaced the earbuds after I mailed them the defective pair. The new ones work fine so far.
Needed some earbuds that wouldn't fall out while working out.  Sound quality is good for the price you pay, but something is lacking in the mids and highs.  Bass is good.
it was a very good headphone for its price until it broke 6 days later but the warranty will have it fix
DO NOT BUY THESE!  They have very poor sound quality and you can get much better ear phones for less than $5.
For the money not bad. You get what you pay for though the sound is really good its the fit thats not great-and the the fact that when nesteled in the ear canal can feel a bit uncomfortable. But when in just right the sound is really good.
I gave these to my niece for Christmas who loves them and reports that they work great and fit very comfortably in her ears.  She compares them to  her previous headphones stating that while working out at the gym there is no static interference as with her old headphones,  they don't slip out of her ears when sweaty  like her old headphones,  and they  sound is great compared to her old headphones.I do have to say I was a bit disappointed however that they arrived in a bubble wrapped coated brown envelope with not much mail crush protection in my opinion.  The other point to be noted is that you will need to buy your own storage case  for these buds as I have found the case  included with my  more expensive earbuds a must for keeping them protected going on 5  years since purchase.  Otherwise they would have been flung in a drawer, pocket, brief case or purse  getting twisted amongst other occupants!  For the quality and price  however I consider them to be a  good bargain and well worth the extra cost of a case to hold them.
If you are thinking about getting this do, it is great and you will be happy with the sound and the quality of the product and it is made very well.
After doing some research on Jlabs and these J5 earbuds, it seemed that they packed quite a punch in the quality department.  I gave these items as a gift, and after my giftee hesitated to answer my question about the sound quality, I tried them for myself and was absolutely mortified that I had bought such a poor, dry, bass-less sounding product like these J5s.  I have a hard time believing that Jlabs would actually sell these if they all sounded like this, so part of me thinks that it was a manufacturer's defect.  Seeing that this was the first JLabs product I ever bought, I was not willing to chance it again with a replacement set.
I was extremely happy to find ear buds with good sound and a mic for android for my G2, but the mic and button didn't even work. I was quite bummed. Of course the J5M worked on my Blackberry..... I even called JBuds to figure out a resolution to get the mic to work with my G2 but they didn't have anything for me. :(  Returned... back on the hunt for a ear buds with mic.
I was a huge fan of jlab's j2s, and this one performs even better--great noise isolation, much improved bass. Great quality and worth  more than the price(lightning deal for $19.95)! The only con is that I had to buy the case separately, but worth it nonetheless.
Love these earbuds.  its has an amazing sound quality and it picks up your voice good even in high volumn areas.  I tested this in my work place i barley whispered and it picked up my voice clear but it picks up all sounds too.  I love these!
I ordered two pair of these thinking that they would work on any cell phone...worked on the iphone but an adapter is needed for the Samsung soltice 887 now I have to try and find one of those. Check for compatibility that meets your needs... ass u me didn't work for me. Otherwise 5*
I have used these headphones for a couple of days I they don't have a good sound quality as I read from other reviews. Actually they are very uncomfortable and it's really difficult to have them on your ears without loosing one them. I bought the headphones to replace my old iPod ones, but I rather stay with those, that have better quality and are more comfortable. A real waste of money!
The quality on the J5's is great. I love the look of the sneaker head. I did a few hours of burn-in and am quite satisfied with the sound (though I'm not much of an audiophile). The fit is OK. I haven't worked out in them yet but they feel like they'll fall out so I may end up buying the around-the-ear adapters. The only real downside is the sound I get through the headphones when the cord touches something. It's loud and common. I wish they came in a case, too (they're folded a few times and twist-tied for storage for now).Update after 8 months: My left earphone only works when I apply pressure to the back. They've been stored wound up loosely in the small circular JLab case between uses. I'm under warranty (1 year), so we'll see how they handle this situation. If I don't update, assume they handled it satisfactorily and I had nothing to complain about. I got the ear adapters soon after the original purchase, not impressed.
Well I bought these headphones as a replacement for my OEM iPhone headphones, the sound quality listening to audio files is great but during phone calls is absolutely horrible, there's a lot of static and for some reason it cuts off my phone calls.
I've used several types of the JLab earbuds (J2's, J3's, BOQARI Q1, and now the J5's). I have to say that the J5 earbuds have the combined qualities of the BOQARI Q1's and the J3's.  The J5's have the excellent clarity of the BOQARI Q1's but keep the low end bass response of the J3's.  These J5's fit and are as comfortable as the J3's.  I haven't even "burned" them in yet and they sound terrific. They are now my all time favorite earbuds !!  I'll wait  to see how durable these J5's are and will update at  a later time after the "burn in".  So far---good job JLab Audio !!
I normally don't write reviews on products, but these are so good that I wanted to add my comments. I'll keep it short and sweet. I received these as a gift from my wife because I left a different pair of headphones on a plane recently. I travel alot so the microphone feature comes in very handy when walking through airports. I definitely recommend these headphones to anyone looking for a really good pair of headphones without breaking the bank. If I'm going to be donating these to the next guy in 9D I don't want to be spending crazy money.
I have to admit I am quite picky when it comes to earbuds. I am not talking audio fidelity, just simply price, comfort, sound quality, and durability.  Certainly there are some amazing earbuds out there, however, I don't have $200+ to drop on one pair.  This is my third pair of J-Buds and I am extremely happy.  Originally I purchased the J2's which had pretty good sound quality and were really value priced.  Build quality left something to be desired but hey for the price not bad.  Then I got the J3's and to be honest they sucked haha.  Terrible quality and just an all around awful product.As for this pair I am happy to report the quality seems to be quite good.  Again, not amazing but for the price, very acceptable.  The sound quality also seems to be good to me (plenty of bass and clear sound).  Also the earbuds are very comfortable.  I got them on a gold box discount and only paid $19.95 so I would say that they are awesome!Pros:Good sound qualityComfortableRelatively durableCons:None really, not the highest build quality but as I said in the pros definitely not a con thus far.
For only $19.99 from lightning deal, you will be very hard pressed to find better sounding buds.I havent had them burnt in. But mids and lows are very good out of the box, highs's a little muffled, but will get better over time.It definitely outperforms SONY's bland yet much more expensive EX310($60). Great budget product.The only gripe, just like others have said, is that these buds produce crackling noise when you move or refit them in your ears. These buds are open, which means you share with surroundings what you hear, so it's not for library/quiet-room use.PS: I came from Shure SE 535 before making this comment.
This is a pretty good headset, it works great. but I cannot give 5 stars because it didn't come with a case. for this price I would expect it will come with a case, or at least with a resealable bag.
First off, I'd like to point out that I purchased these for 20$ during the lightning deal. The 10$ difference between 20$ and 30$ for earbud headphones is pretty big imo.I tried these on and right out of the bag to see how they were. They were really muddy, and sounded muffled, just as I expected. I burned them in using their burn-in player located: [...] . A total of 30 hours using this website and also 10-15 hours on my iPod playing pink/white noise. The difference was very noticeable. The muddy-ness was still evident, but barely. I expect it to go away after some use. These are not as bass heavy as a lot of sennheisers are. Also, these are not as clear as a pair of klipsch that I have. These J5's are a combination of both clean strong bass, yet clear vocals that you can expect from earbuds at this price point.The build overall is very solid. The perks of creating an earbud with metal. When you have it in your hand, it definitely is heavier than non-metal earbuds, but the weight difference doesn't really matter once it's in your ear. I can see this pair going through heavy use and still be solid. The wire is better than most, but still tangles and is fairly easy to untangle. I wish it was more the cx series sennheiser wires. Those are easy to untangle.Cons: For earbuds at this price point, I wanted more sizes of silicon. There exists a void between M and small that I and many others (I assume) prefer. The wires, as explained above. The size of the splitter, a tad big than needed, but I understand it's there for more support and strength.Now, back to the price point. I gave this 5 stars because of the price which I got it for, 20$. If I had purchased this for 30$ (which I probably wouldn't), I'd give this 4 stars. These earbuds are very respectable due to it's solid build, looks, and performance. The J5's, to me, beat out most of the sennheisers being sold on Amazon for the same price range. Be sure to burn them in once you get your pair!
Excellent pair of headphones!!! They have great sound, good bass, and fit comfortably. Shipping was unbelievable as usual with Amazon. Ordered on the 21st and arrived today on the 24th!!! Love the buds and Amazon continues to impress!
I've recently received these in the mail and despite using them right away (and not doing a "burn-in" that some other reviewers have deemed "necessary"), they offered a fantastic sealed-in (what you want from noise-isolating buds) sound with deep bass and zero distortion when increasing the volume on iTunes.Structurally, the buds are very strong. I tend to wrap my wires around my iPod, causing the wire at the elbow joint on the audio jack to fray after only a few months. The JBud 5s have a hardened, reinforced elbow that protects against that kind of wear. Also, other reviewers have pointed out the "thin wire" that's thinner than the JBud 4 model; trust me, the JBud 5 wire is pretty thick and robust. I'm a long distance runner so I need a strong set of earbuds since I run every day with my iPod. The separator between the right and left ear wires is far enough down from my chin that no snags ever occur while running or otherwise.If I had to include a negative, and I'm really reaching here, it's that the wire is long and may snag on desk items if you're only using them at your desk at work. Honestly, I like how long they are because my iPod sits comfortably in my running shorts with even the deepest pockets and there's never any pull or snag.Steal at $30!
Paid $25 for these on a special sale and definitely worth it.  I don't like the super high end models as I usually break these.  I use them on my iPod and computer.  Excellent.  Would have been better with a case, but great earbuds.
i ordered the j5 earbuds off of amazon and couldn't wait to get them. When they finally came 1st thing i noticed is they were not the color i ordered. i even checked the packing slip and i was right. they shipped the wrong ones. i was willing to deal with the color i got then i noticed that the screen on one of the buds was missing. So i go to amazon to exchange for a new pair and i'm told that i can't get an exchange cuz they are out of stock of everything. i'm not real happy about this.
I have been buying earbuds for years and i have tried many different companies these JBuds are very well Hi-Fi quality and don't feel let down by the packaging. There worth every dollar they feel great and they don't weigh down your ears i really love these earbuds the sound quality is far better than V-Moda could ever sound. These are very competable with the SkullCady brand, When i recieved mine they do not feel cheap what so ever and the cord is very straight and not easy to get tangled. These are the easyiest earbuds to deal with that i have had. I will buy another pair of these or any other kind from JBud. If i could think of one think bad about these wonderful earbuds would have to be the tip designs and that the (Db) level is kinda low and you have to turn your volume up a little higher to hear it loud. But these are comfortable earbuds and have good quality all around.
Surprisingly, my last two sets of these ear buds have broken. The first time was at the jack where the plastic meets the metal. I have no idea how it happened but one day it just separated so that only the wires were keeping it together. Eventually, they stopped working. However I was still under warranty at the time so they were easily replaced. The second set split at the metal microphone part. One day, sound stopped coming from that earbud and it was because the wires had broken. However, this time the warranty was up, so now I'm debating getting another pair or going for another brand. These sound great, but they break way to easily with little abuse. They are reinforced, so it may just have been my bad luck that gave me two defective earbuds.
These headphones have been great. I've owned for about a month and everything sounds amazing. I previously owned a pair of the VModa ear-buds which I thought were a little bit more comfortable and provided more bass, however after going through 3 pairs of those because of cheap wiring and the sound dying out on them I decided to make a switch to these and I've been very happy with the purchase. The plug seems very strong in comparison and I think it being angled will really help keep a strong connection. The only reason I take off a star is because for me the fit is a tad uncomfortable, I had to use the smallest earplugs to get them to stay in my ears, while still making the "sound seal" that you want with ear-buds. That said I do wear these headphones for countless hours during the day, and they don't bother me a vast majority of the time. They work great for running and working out and in my opinion (poor college kid) the price is right.  Overall a great product, would buy again, but sure hope I won't have to.
These are the worst Earbuds I have ever owned. They wont stay pluged in to my Nano or my Classic. Ive tried them on other Ipods that were new, and other Nanos that friends own. They keep commingout of the socket. So, either the ones that I bought here were defects, or they are just crap. Im in Afganistan and have no way of returning them. I had to buy another set. This time Skull Candy. These were a ripoff big time. In addition to all of this, the earbuds themselves dont stay in my ear during my workout in the gym. One little brush of cord and they come out of the ear. Like I said, these are the worst
Ok, so the sound quality with these earbuds is the best you can possibly get at 30 Dollars... But the problem is the cable. Every single time the cable rubs on any thing or moves, you can definitely hear it. It is way too sensitive, so if you are planning to walk or go to the Gym with these, I would not recommend them. But of course if you are just going to use them for casual listening at home, these earbuds are great and well worth it. Just one more problem with the cable is that after just a few days of light usage, it seems like the black color of the cable is going away.
I really like these earbuds not only for the sound and quality but for the fact that they actually stay in my ears! The earbuds come with different sizes so that you can find the perfect fit. I have purchased many earbud headphones in the past and I have never found a set that worked for me. I am not a "sound pefectionist" but I love the sound these earbuds put out so for me I give them 5 stars for great sound and great fit..plus they look very sleek.
I don't consider myself audiophile, but it looks like these ear buds will turn me into one. I purchased the J5 ear buds based on the previous user reviews; and am very satisfied with it so far. The bass is amazing considering the size of the earphones. The J5 ear-buds are a snug fit with the medium-sizes buds. The good thing is that they come with 4 sizes; so at least one should fit anyone.They sound incredibly loud and clear considering they are under $30 ear phones. The build quality seems pretty good. I love the color combination of "Sneaker head".The only down-side I see is no case. But IMHO, I don't need it personally, since they are always on my ears :)I would definitely recommend these to anyone who is looking for good, decent sound for about 30 bucks and does not need a case!
Price:At a regular price of close to $60 (Amazon's price was $30), these aren't cheap by any means, but they do perform very well.Background Noise:They are my first set that actually enter the ear canal, which blocks out a decent amount of background noise.  I haven't had a chance to use them on an airplane yet, but they did a great job on a road trip I took.  I spent a lot of time on dirt roads, and they blocked out almost all of the noise from the rocks hitting the vehicle.Sound:Overall sound is decent, nothing spectacular, but nothing terrible either.  It's just a good all around sound.
Wow, these sound great! Excellent bass and treble response, with emphasis on the bass where it should be. I got a "Lightning Deal" on these at Amazon which makes it even better. Highly recommended.
I have recently received it and I am loving it so far. I love the idea that there is more than one sized tip included in the packaging.  There is no case included with this headphone.  The sound quality is quite good, and I do not have to turn up the volume on my ipod to get a decent sound.  For $30, it is a good headphone for the price.  I would definitely recommend it.
The JBuds J5's are the best pair of earbuds I've ever owned! I'm no sound freak, but I know good sound when I hear it. Also comes with different tip sizes. The J5's are a real bargain, with superior sound and excellent build quality!!
Update 3, final review - 1 Week after buying.These headphones are decent, with the sound quality being just as good as a pair of $150 Sony's, if not better (Though with my set the sound seems to be more prominent in the left bud, rather than centred... Quite irritating). The cord is nice and rigid, but still soft enough to move around freely.The biggest problem with these headphones however, is the fact that they just don't sit in my ear properly. This problem is so big that I've updated my review from a 4/5 star to a 1/5 star.The 'medium' sized buds slip out, as do the large ones. It's not due to my 'ear hole' being really big, as the isolating buds from my Sony headphones are the same size as the medium from the J5's and it fits perfectly. Not really sure what's going on there, but it seems to be the same for a few people.Basically if you're planning on doing any kind of movement while wearing these, I'd suggest buying a different set. Hell, all I need to do is yawn slightly and these fall out of my ear.For the price? Okay, they might seem appealing. The reality? You'll just find yourself buying another set and throwing these out.My final statement is simple, don't bother buying.Overall, 1/5.
After using some JVC marshmallows for years I decided to get something different.  I really didn't know what direction to go in, but I did know I wanted a mic on my headphone and them to be in-ear.  So I started to look around and stumbled upon these, and Im glad I did.  The build quality is really good and they look appealing. Also the fit is good too, nice and tight  with little to no outside noise.  The mic is good also no problems with it and the button was nice to have, even though there was no volume switch on it (something that is not a big deal)  Now to the important part... the sound... they sound really good, the first thing i noticed about the sound was the amount of bass and the detail of the bass.  Also they are loud and everything just sounds clear and all my music just sounded different (in a good way) after the headphones. I definatly suggest them, especially at the price they are at.
For $20-30, this is a great deal. They are definitely an upgrade from the J3s which were really small and weak. The sound, I can't notice much of a difference but overall a pretty good buy if you just want standard in ear headphones with a little bit extra bass.UPDATE: After 6 months of use, the outer ring had become loose and I contacted JLAB immediately. They sent a brand new pair in just a week! They have truly amazing customer service and any of their products are a must buy.
I got these today. The color of the pink lemonade is more pink than it looks (which I like). They fit well in my ears and have good sound. I hate how earphones make the background noise when you move (ususally the wires rubbing as you move) and these still do that which is why I only gave them 4 stars.Of course I don't want to spend very much on earphones because I will eventually lose them.The cord is not too thin or too thick, not sure why this is a previous complaint but they seem very durable and lightweight at the same time. I love the 45 degree angle on the input. I am less likely to get it snagged.I am conflicted on the packaging...in one way I am happy I didn't have to work to get them out of that bubble packaging but then the little plastic bag they came in was not very protective.If they crap out on me before I lose them I will come back and let you know. :-)
I bought these headphones and have had them for at least a month now and after using them for a while and reading the other reviews, I think the other reviews give too much hype to these buds. They are good headphones and the pricing is good, but they aren't that much better than the regular stock iPhone headphones. They are barely a step up quality-wise, because they are not that much noticeably better. They offer great noise-isolating sound which can get annoying at times, but if you want noise-isolation, they are great. The microphone control button isn't all to special and it's debatable of whether it's worth the extra 5 bucks or not because the button control only allows for pause/play and next track/previous track features. In other words, it doesn't allow for the user to control the volume which for me was a problem.Overall, for the price, they're a good pair of buds, but don't expect them to blow you away.
These JBuds J5s are an excellent combination of style and functionality. I was contemplating buying BOSE IE2s and then decided on these earphones. The packaging is great as they give you multiple ear buds(diffferent sizes) as a clip with a 360 angle swivel. So far so good.
I have owned many of the JBuds models including the JBuds, J2, J3, J4 (gift to a relative), the BOQARI Q1 and now the J5. I was so impressed with the J3 that I have purchased many sets to gift to those on my Christmas list. The J5 has a sleeker designed housing but it delivers an improved bass response without distortion over the J3. I use them with an iPod and I import all the music to iTunes at the higher quality 192 kbps MP3 setting for better playback thru headphones and home stereo systems. From the very first listening with the J5. I am totally impressed with the sound performance and the bass response for a headphone that can be purchased for $29.95 (I purchased the J5 for $24.95 on Dec. 9).
Sadly, I returned these earbuds. The reception was quite good but the sound of the cables brushing across my clothes was transmitted very noticeably to the earbuds. I could even tap the cables and hear the movement. Very disappointing.
I've ordered two of these.  For the first, right out of the package one ear had a loose wire and only played about 20% of the time, depending on the position of the wire.  I returned it and asked for a replacement.  It came, and within one hour of use at moderate volume, one ear picked up a loud rattling buzz whenever a track hit a peak (and by "track" I mean, people having a conversation in a podcast).  Needless to say, I will not ask for a third replacement.
The earbuds have a sleek look and sound quality is a premium sound.  Would purchase this product again price was very reasonable.
I buy nothing but $20-$30 headphones.  The sound on these was decent, the highs weren't very clear even for the price.  Unfortunately they broke after one week.  Needless to say,  I won't be buying them again.
Bought it for $25 when it's on sale.  The sound is nice and clear, good replacement for the iphone headphone.
The audio quality is amazing. Yet, I have two complaints:1: When the cord rubs against anything it makes a weird noise2: My left ear-bud started fading in and out randomly after only a week of having these headphones
Sounded great for music. But would not work for phone calls. Complete static or glitching during phone calls using the mic. JLab said I was shipped a defective headset and that I should return it.I hope to update this with a new set. But my first impressions when compared to the $79 apple in head phones. The JLab's mic is too low. If you put the cord down your shirt for exercising, the mic is inside your shirt where you sweat and it will not work for phone calls while you walk or ride a bike. I'd suggest moving the mic up higher near the mouth like Apple's. The fit was decent, the build looked good expect that mine was broken out of the box. This headset doesn't have volume control like the Apple ones.I look the appearance of these but I'm not sure I want to spend the $ and give them another shot when the Apple-In-ear headphones are designed better. I was just looking for a cheaper version and I not sure these are it yet.
The J5's are a very solid earbud headphone.  I'm not an audiophile, but the sound seems very good with a full range.  Wires seem like standard earbud gauge so they should be durable enough: caveat, I've only been using them for a few weeks but so far no problems.  Only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is that the plug is a 45� plug.  Not sure if that is mentioned in the product description.  I prefer straight line or 90� plugs, but that's a personal preference.Overall very good headphones and the $30 price seems pretty much on the money.
So disappointed. I've had JBuds before and liked them, but these newer ones have the fatal flaw of picking up noise from the cord bouncing against or touching your clothing or earrings as you walk. I saw that a jogger reported in a review that he had a problem with this, but I took a chance since I would only be walking with them, not high impact bouncing around. Even casually walking, they are basically unusable-- they are fine if you are sitting still and the cord is touching nothing. But not useful to me.
I have had these earbuds since 12/6/11, so it has been a week of me having it in this review.I so far love these headphones.When I am useing these earbuds, I cannot hear other people, and I listen to music at a fairly low volume, so these have a good noise cancellation.The sound on this is very high quality, and its a extremely noticeable difference than those cheaper run-of-the-mill earbuds.When I use the microphone while I am talking to my friends on my phone, they can't tell that I am using earbuds, as the microphone is really good on this.I love these earbuds, and the only thing I am not completely satisfied with is the design, as I find the J3Ms had the best design out of all of these earbuds from Jlab
As a bit of a preface, I tend to work in environments that are noisy, and the work I do leans towards long periods of concentration to maintain productivity. For this reason, I choose to keep music playing at almost all times. I have used many different kinds of headphones in my several years as an audio freak, going from giant over-the-ear bass boosters to hilariously intrusive canalphones. For convenience, seal, and price, I have found JBuds to rarely disappoint. What is more, they are surprisingly rugged (in my experience), and take the abuse I randomly dole out rather well.To break it down simply:PROS:- Impressive seal that allows you to listen to music lower and still hear more.  ... This is important to me, as this causes the earbuds to function like portable ear plugs that shoot the wonderful tunes right into my ear, just the way I like it.- Not intrusive at all, and quite a comfortable fit.  ... This prevents what some call "ear fatigue," or a pain that develops from having earbuds or canalphones in too long. I experienced this with the J4s, but the shape of the J5s are much more kind to me.- Sound range is very good for the price range.  ... Keep in mind that while these may seem expensive, they are only mid-range for LOW-END headphones. The bass bumps a respectable amount, and the treble is crisp. It helps tons if you use your EQ intelligently, but these work well enough even on Windows Media Player.CONS:- Much like the J3s, these earbuds will seem to "short" if there is pressure placed on them from the outside while they are being worn.  ... Typically not an issue, but if you are in bed or leaning your head sideways against a chair, if just about anything touches your ear, the seal will be messed and the sound will be ruined until the pressure is removed.- A lot of transferrence of external inertial noise through the wire.  ... I forget the exact term for this, but it comes down to being able to hear any rubbing or bumping against the headphone wires. Mind you, this is a common failing of ALL in-ear headphones, and is generally something you will learn to ignore.I'm not sure why a case would be any sort of deal breaker or decision maker, but I will note that it made no difference to me, as I use the epic carrying pack that came with my J4s.In closing: JBuds are far from perfect products, and I would always caution a buyer to do their research on what kind of headphone is best for you. However, for their price and durability, I prefer no other types of headphones more when on the go.
PROS:Very good sound quality, strong bass.CONS:Any sort of rubbing/contact with the cord causes VERY LOUD noise in the headphones.  I tried workout out with them, and it was very annoying.  I cannot recommend using these headphones unless you are sitting still, even wearing them just walking around is not pleasant due to these noises.  I will stick with my Sennheiser 380's for the gymEarbud material not very comfortable, and feels somewhat cheap and stiff.  The extra large buds are HUGE! I usually wear XL but these are just a bit too big. However the normal large is a bit too small, so I ended using some extra earbuds I had from another set, which fit pretty well.OVERALL:Good value for the 19.95 lightning deal, however material quality (cord, earbuds) is lacking.  I will just be using these at work in my cubicle.  For 30 dollars, I would recommend getting a pair of Sennheiser's.
I was looking for a new headphone because I was tired of the ones that came with my iPod. After searching and reading many of reviews, I finally decided to purchase JBuds J5 Earbuds.I will say this...I am happy with the J5 earbuds. After putting the xsmall buds on, I put them in my ears and they were comfortable. I slept with them on all night. It blocks out most of the outside noise which I love because now I can enjoy my music without hearing all the extras. To me, the sound is amazing. The bass is on point which I like. I now hear sounds, etc in songs that I didn't hear before when I was listening with the ipod headphones.I will buy JBuds product again.
These earbuds come with a great sound, slim design that fits nicely in your ears, and a pretty decent microphone.  In fact, the only real issue with these earbuds is that the cord puts a lot of noise into your ears (stethescope effect) when you are mobile.  Of course, if you plan to sit while you use these it isn't an issue.  I got these for work, where I set 8+ hours a day, so for me they are perfect.But, I couldn't give them 5 stars because it annoys me to get up just to walk to refill the coffee... can't imagine trying to run with them in your ears.So... if you are going to be using these while stationary (flights, train rides, cubicle) they are a GREAT buy... just avoid if you are getting them for active use.**UPDATE**Had these for a couple months and they are already blown. :(  I don't listen very loudly.  I'm going to go through and try to use the warranty.. I'll report back.
For the price you can't go wrong. They sound great and are built very good. I'm no expert in sound like some of the reviews I have read, but I have been playing music on and off for over 40 years so I do know a little about tone,mids,highs,and bass. These headphones touch on all 4. Not too much on any one. For me they are just right. And for the price you can't go wrong. I have a pair of Bose that I paid over a $100 for and they suck compared to these. And they arrived 2 days early. I am very satisfied, and yes I would buy another pair.
excelent product durable and sound great cant get much better for the price I would purchase these agian. I had a problom before with them folling out with a different product but these work great and you cant hear much of anything with them on only the music
If you are "upgrading" from J3s, be aware that it doesn't feel like an upgrade.  Was shocked that a case is not included...  it didn't say there was, but family members and I have five pairs of JBuds J3 and let's just say it's an expectation (reasonable or not).  The phones seem pretty good (still breaking them in) so we'll see.  Don't forget to play at high volume for 24-48 hours. Also, the J3 has a raised letter on the left bud so I can tell which ear in low light.  Not so on the J5 - both feel the same.  Buy the J3, get a tangle free, sturdy cord, neck tension adjuster, tactile marking on ear buds, and a free case.  JLab J3 Micro Atomic In-Ear Earphones with Travel Case - Jet Black
I have personally bought 4 pairs of JLabs Jbuds, from the Jbuds all the way to the J4's. I had originally bought them for the colors and the price, but after hearing what they'll do, I can't bring myself to buy anything else. I usually rock a $50 pair of Sony buds, but after getting the J5's, I really have no use for them. These things are more comfortable than every other set of buds I've ever had. These things are very well worth the price. If you're looking for comfort, sound quality, volume, clarity, bass and really nice style, these are the way to go.The small cord is an added bonus for me also, I hate a thick cord weighing down the buds and pulling out of my ears. I haven't put them through the standard 24 hour break in period the other Jbuds need, but I'm not even noticing that they actually need it. I've only had them in my ears for a short time and have already had multiple eargasms.These buds are absolutely amazing, affordable, and what everyone on my Christmas list is getting.
Bought these earbuds as a birthday gift for my husband and he has been very pleased so far.  I had never head of JLab before, but the reviews were pretty good on Amazon and the price was right.  He has no complaints and says the sound is as good as or better than any other earbud he has owned!  Will give JLab another look for sure in the future.
These earbuds are the best bang for the buck! The sound is crystal clear and the bass is decent for a pair of earbuds. The only problem I have with it is the cable. Whenever you move the cable around, the sound transmit to the earbuds which could be annoying at times if you are moving and you hear "thud thud thud thud." I wish they could fix this problem by using some other material which doesn't make noise when the cable is moved. Other than that, I'm very happy with my purchase. Need to burn them in and the quality would probably be even better.
Just got these headphones this morning af I already notice that they block outside noise better than the SonyHeadphones I replaced that were about the same price. Sound quality is good although I'm not an audiophile or anything.Currently using it with my iPhone and sound is good. I do notice a slight thumping when I jog in place but I might justBe overconscious. The biggest con I've notice is a crackling noise when I put them in my ear... Probably part of metalheadphones but it's a tad creepy. The sound happens when I move the earbud so I guess I won't be sleeping in these.I'll update the review later if the sound goes away or gets worse. Otherwise, once they're in your ears, everything is fine.
The JBuds J5 Earbuds are the best sounding and best fitting earbuds that I have tried.  They work perfectly with the Kindle Fire.
They worked in both ears when I got them.  But the sound quality is bordering on terrible.  There is no audible distortion but the sound is very tinny without any bass or depth.I would not recommend these earbuds even for casual use.  Better to pass on these failures and get a different pair that are the same price or cheaper, they are likely to sound much better.I did have high hopes for these since the JBuds J2s were fairly good quality for a cheap price.  I used them in cases where they were more likely to get broken (like when falling asleep) and not feel too bad (not like sacrificing a pair of Klipsh or Senheisser earbuds).  Using the J5s make me feel bad even though they are working.After reading all the other rave reviews I started thinking that maybe it was just me that was having problems with bad sound quality, but my wife got a separate set and she is having the same issue.  So unless they both were from the same bad batch I'm not getting it.
Recieved these buds as a gift and was please with the cool look. I travel a lot and after a long flight my ears didn't hurt.  The sound quality was crisp and they blocked out the quite a bit of the ambiant noise. Overall very pleased with this product and most of Jlab's merchandise.
I got these J5's to replace some of the Skull Candy ear buds that I'd grown tired of.  I am really happy with the purchase.  The thin wires alone are worth it.  I am not a fan of bulky wires because I travel quite a bit, and these wires are thin and flexible.  I should probably also mention that the sound quality on these ear buds are as great as advertised.  Its pretty simple, they are worth every penny.
These are good, they just sound flatter/less dynamic then my J3's do.  Combine with the J3's come with a case and thicker cord, ten dollars more in price, and this is actually an expensive "down grade" for someone.  I tested using an iPod touch, flat mix, equal volume.  The J3's just sounded better and were also louder with more bass.  Equally sized ear canal inserts were used.  One positive is the J5 seems to stay in my ears better then the J3 when I exercise.  I'll keep them (J5) for back ups, and I prefer the "ear bud" style headphone to the stock in your ear iPod headphone. All in all a decent ear bud, just not as good IMHO as the J3s.  Link for the j3:JLab J3 Micro Atomic In-Ear Earphones with Travel Case - Jet Black
I just got my first set of J5s and they are good! So far I have fond many things about them that I thing a buyer should know.Pros: The sound is good with very good base and sound but, this is only after the J5s recive a fourty hour burn in causing the buds to work at full power.Another pro is that the buds are light weight and comfortable which means unlike the J4s they wont fall out durning running or working out,Cons: the base is good but other sound qualities could be a little better for $30  no case, which i would recomend buying because the wire could rip in your pocket or jacket
i recently purchased this pair of jbuds due to the quality provided by the previous models. it seems that this new j5 model has worked out many of the problems with the previous models. the earbud is no longer heavy due to the metal composite (like the j4) but is still maintains a metal shell. the sound quality is amazing with a clear bass too. the track control is a nice feature too!track control instructions:1 press- pause/play/answer call/hang up.2 press- skip song.3 press- previous song.tips:like any other buds, keep them safe and dont handle these roughly. it only takes a a quick accidental yank to ddestroy ANY pair of buds. keep them safe and they will serve you for at least 8 months.
I received the JBuds and was happy about the packaging because it was frustration free.  I can't stand the hard plastic that comes with other headphones.  I usually end up cutting my finger. The headphones came with different size earbuds. The earbuds really make snug fit inside your ear so you can hear just the music not the surrounding noise.  I used these headphones this past weekend as I cut my lawn and I could not hear the lawnmower.  All music which is a good thing.  The fit and the ability to block out the surrounding noise is better than my Sony MDR-EX71SL and my Motorola SD-9 HD Bluetooth headphones.  I don't even use the headphones that came with my iphone. I can't see myself spending $100 on Dre's headphones.This is a must buy.  You won't be sorry.I hope they make some bluetooth headphones in the future. For now, I more curious about their swimming headphones, JLAB Wave.  That will be my next purchase.  If they are anything like these headphones, I will be extremly happy when I swim my laps. Will review them when I get them.
This is my second pair of Jlab headphones and I'm really liking the brand so far. The build quality is good, sound is nice and balanced and they offer a wide range of styles and designs (I also have the J.Fi Wood headphones).For roughly $30 (Amazon Prime price, anyway), this is a great way to upgrade the sound on any laptop or mobile device. I've been testing these on my iPhone 4 with the Rdio subscription service, as well as the iPod, and so far so good.I have the "Sneaker Head" color and they really give it a nice, contemporary look; somewhat similar to what you might find in a Beats by Dre product, but at a lower cost. I also like the graphite, but there are color options for men and women. This is also great for pairing with color iPods. Smart idea!These come with four tips, compared to the J.Fi's seven, to really help find the best size. In comparison, my Senns only came with three and only one is even close to fitting. I think JLab really hit the mark by adding more sizing options. Kudos.
This company just continues to excel in quality. I started with original jbuds, moved onto the JBud 3's in which I purchased 4 pairs. Quality is just incredible over earbuds or headphones up to 5 times there costs. Now I was fortunate to recieve a pair of JBud J5's, these are even better yet. Do not take my comment lightly, if you're looking for quality and cost is a priority along with quality sound. Then you only have one thing left, purchase a pair, you won't regret your choice. Thanks JLab.
I've been looking for a pair of buds that fit seamlessly in my ear without eventually irritating me. As a professional with a long commute twice a day, style comfort and sound in a bud are key. I have found what i was looking for in jlabs j5ms. These buds sound and feel as good as they look. In this price point, they can't be beat!
I got myself a pair of the j5 and I was blown away by the quality of the great fit, the sound. The fit of these earbuds is awesome. The sound is amazing and build quality is solid. They are also amazing for blocking outside noise. A good buy for 29.95.
Out of the package these look a lot like the j3s but in a great new package. It's like a foil bag that you just rip open. The 45 degree angle plug isn't quite as good as a 90 but it's an improvement. The stress pints on the cable are beefed up compared to the j3s but not as bulky as the j4s. The wire is plenty long and seems very delicate and its rubbery feeling instead of slick like the j3s. Most of my jbuds last 3 -6 months so we'll wait and see. The mic is in a great place, it's closer to the y in the cable and just feels better using the control functions. They changed their warranty and it sucks now. If you're looking for the best warranty it's skullcandy HANDS DOWN!  These are SUPER comfortable, hardly notice them in my ear. The tips are soft. They feel light in your ears...no tugging or fatigue. I really like the grill on the back. Gives them a good look in your ears. Also great for sleeping because they don't stick out too far.  As for the sound its very good. Very warm sound and crisp highs. Didn't notice any mixing of the mids and bass like the j3s but I haven't been using these long. So far seems very balanced and clear.  If these had a lifetime warranty like skullcandy these would be 5 stars.Update 12-8-11 After a good 40 hour burn in the sound is quite stunning. They claim 23khz as the high end and you can tell. The highs are very crisp. The separation of the highs, mids, and bass are quite amazing for buds in this price range. They honestly sound as good as my klipsch image s4s. Def a good buyUpdate 1-15-12 I've had these less than 2 months and the left earbud tube literally separated from the housing. I have kept these in a samba case at all times and only use them at home. In other words they were well taken care of. The buds still function but when I pull them out of my ears the left one separates. I am going to try their warranty process but my expectations are low. I've had bad experiences with jlab in the recent past. I've heard from friends and here in the reviews that they often reject your return saying nothing is wrong. Guess we'll see. I'll update when I get through the warranty process. Gotta drop the rating a star for durability. If they mess with me on the warranty it'll drop another. I uploaded 2 photos so you could see what happened Update 1-28-12 Went thru the warranty process and received my replacements fairly quickly. It cost $4 to ship in the defects. Only thing that would have made it better was if they'd have let me pick a diff color like skullcandy does. Update 7-9-12 Thought it was worth noting the control functions do not work with my android device running 2.2(froyo). They do work with my device running 2.3(gingerbread). So I assume if you're running 2.3 or later you'll be good.
I just got a pair of J5s and have been really impressed with the quality of the build. I have owned a lot of headphones before from all the major brands and have kind of stuck on JLab products because a) I don't like waiting in line at stores so I buy everything on Amazon and b) Jbuds are typically the least expensive decent quality earbuds on here. I go through my buds pretty quickly as I bring them everywhere with me and usually wind up leaving them somewhere eventually. I was a big fan of the J4s and have a couple pairs of those. I liked the durability and the sound clarity was great. For my most recent purchase, I decided to try the newer version because they were a bit cheaper and I didn't need a case. Here are my initial thoughts:Pros:Sound quality- These are some of the best headphones I have ever owned for clarity of the music. I feel like I do not have to turn my iphone volume as loud as with other buds to get a decent volume level. Also, at the louder volumes, there is no distortion. This has been a problem in the past with other earphones I have used.Look and feel great- I am a fan of the rounder tear drop shape of the buds. I prefer this over some of the boxier earbuds or the ones that look like they come from another planet. The J5s are super comfortable in your ears and you can wear them all day without any discomfort. The grill on the back is cool and is a nice touch.The jack- JLAB has restyled the jack and the new one feels really solid and well constructed.Cons:No case- The J5s do not come with a case. This was not a big deal for me as I have a couple extra. I think that you can buy the case separate if this is important for you.Thinner cable- The cable on the J5s is thinner than the J4s. This is a better design if you need it for running or when you are on the move but some people might prefer the heavier cable.Conclusion:The J5s are the best sounding buds I have ever used and it is pretty incredible that they only cost $30. If you want a thicker cable and case, look into the more expensive J4s though.