When I ordered this product I ordered two pairs at once so when a year from now one of them finally broke I would have a back up (because that's how skull candy ear buds work for me). Sadly, that wasn't the case. I placed a review not too long after I ordered about how great they were, but I kind of wish I had waited longer. Overall the sound quality is pretty good initially, especially for the price, but it didn't take too long before the first pair I opened started to get lower sound quality and eventually no sound all together in the left ear, then damage to the casing holding the ear buds together, then diminished quality in the right ear as well. I had hoped that the first pair was just bad luck on my part, but the second pair I opened STARTED with the left ear not getting any sound.I really hate leaving 1 star feedback so I guess I should leave the few pros...this product did ship quickly, and despite the problems with the sound from the ear buds the microphone continues to work flawlessly. Really sorry seller, but I will NOT be recommending this product :(
I like to  fall asleep to music with earbuds in to drown out my neighbors. These didn't last a month with such use.
I like Skullcandy headphones, and I was just looking for a pair of earbuds so I could listen to music when I'm in bed. These get the job done, but they don't sound as good as other Skullcandy products. I've purchased Skullcandy headphones for under $20 and the sound was satisfying, so I know not all low priced headphones will be disappointing.Pros :Skullcandy headphones come with a warrantyCons :Sound quality is unimpressive
The sound quality is not as good as expected but is worth buying something the will last you a couple of month.
Great sound!
great speakers!!!!
This wasn't what I was expecting. One of the buds came with a defective cover and it feels like a little cable or resistance is loose inside, so it feels a little energy discharge in the right ear everytime I put it. Now, it's too late to change it since I'm in Venezuela. If you're thinking about buying this product, think twice, you will receive poor/defective quality for your money.
works great so far. the last one I ordered lasted about two weeks
They worked well for a while until they started sending electrical pulses through my brain! I take very good of my electronics so when it started shocking me I was shocked! I would guess every 10 minutes or so it happens. I would spend a few extra dollars on something that won't hurt you and will last a lot longer.
Just received my headphones and only 1 of the ear buds actually works.
Good
I've been using Skullcandy headphones for years, but this pair in particular broke after two months. The sound quality is great, but I'd be careful when purchasing
Broke after a month of use. Very dissapointed
Pros:Great fit, improved cord, still good for the price.The cord on the pair I recieved is flat and rubbery, not braided as described in the listing.Cons:Straight plug, 'Supreme Sound', require equaliserThese earphones have crisp bass, flat mids, and sharp highs- which is great if you like those descriptions. I dislike all three. I used to buy Scullcandy specifically because they avoided all three.  If you are familiar with the older Ink'd line, do not expect these to sound the same. The bass is not boosted, the mids are not expansive, and the highs are annoyingly piercing.  Not as painful as other 'audiophile' earphones I have, but definitely not what I was expecting.They CAN produce fantastic sound, which I can tweak if I have access to a decent equaliser. I buy in-ears for travel, though, and my portables have terrible equalisers. I need in-ears to sound at least near my preferences out-of-the-box.Three stars because they are still great earphones. You may like the new sound stage better. I will be giving mine away.
stunning sound, great noise cancellation, and durability... finally great sound for a affordable price. i bought mine 4 months ago and use them everyday and don't hear a major decrease in the sound quality
These come with two sets of silicone earbuds and of course the larger ones are on it when it's packaged, which are FAR too large for me. One of the small silicone earbuds is ripped. I thought I would just use one from an old broken pair but I cannot get the small ones on the earbud posts at all and cannot get the large ones back on to ship it back. I'm so frustrated. I haven't even used them yet because of this.
work great and arrived on time. thanks.
The sound is wonderfull!!
Awesome And Worth The Price
Good!
Amazing! The mic works & activates right away. & good clear sound.
Working perfectly thus far :) I love skull candy~
I ordered 2. Both of them were defected. One was having issues with the earphone and the other was having bad microphone. Returned both of them.
Clean clear sound, I would recommend
It broke in 2 weeks
Great deal!
I think it was just these earphones or maybe the color I bought them in but if u get them in black and white the sound is crisp,material of the earphone feels comfortable while in your ear, these are uncomfortable I definitely will not be purchasing these again.
I hate my headphones. Not loud at all and my mic does not work. That's how I got them. The only reason I bought was for the mic. Very unhappy.
The rubber material that the wires are made from get caught on EVERYTHING.
The pair received were knockoffs. The packaging was different with the fonts on the package incorrect with a dot over the y that shouldn't be there, no L or R on the bud, and the mic on wrong side.
Great sound quality but after about 3 days they broke so that i have to mes with the audio plug before it sounds like its supposed to.
All time worst purchase from Amazon! It bro right out of the package it doesn't work on my phone nor my tablet it is complete trash!
Great sound.
Shipped fast. If your ear buds break skullcandy has a LIFETIME warranty. Go to their site and if you didnt break them you can get new headphones of equal value.
One of the greatest headphones when I get my ps4 fixed I cant wait to use them they are loud to be advised
I had a similar pair that I broke, so I bought these. They block out ambient noise but not as much as my first pair, which is a good thing if you want to be able to keep them in your ears but still notice when someone is trying to talk to you.
These sound great, don't be fooled by the higher priced skull candy.  if you have an adjustable equalizer on your music player these get great lows and natural sound when you e_q to your taste . if you have an Apple product don't bother, everything I've ever heard on an Apple music player sounds flat and colorlessI prefer a more live sound then compressed studio mixes.
It does not have the volume control!
Build quality seems to have degraded, I have gone through 2 pair in less than 4 months.
Honestly I think these are a lot better than the urbeats which cost $100 and I got these for about $20, i had these headphones for over 6 months now and I still pick them over my urbeats. These stay in your ears and provide really good sound and it's very high quality.The only sad part is you can't turn up or turn down the volume, you only can pause, skip, or reverse.But really, if your looking for really good earphones that aren't too pricey Id say buy this one, the low star reviews could be over exaggerated but maybe there was something wrong with their set of earphones but over all Id bring these everywhere I go
The pair received were knockoffs. The packaging was different with the fonts on the package incorrect with a dot over the y that shouldn't be there, no L or R on the bud, and the mic on wrong side.
Excellent buy!
These headphones are great. The button on it doesn't really do anything but pause music play back but the sound quality is good.
great
Good deal
Well, they did replace mine when it broke after using it for 3 months. I enjoyed using it very much and one day, even with proper use and careful handling, the earbud piece got separated from the hard plastic housing, and that was that. They did honor their warranty, though, so yay. I'll probably be buying something else the next time, though.
The earbuds broke. I had to superglue the two parts of the hard plastic bud together. These did not stand up to the same abuse as another pair of Skullcandy earbuds I had.
They broke after a week
I have been using Skull Candy for years and they have always lasted forever and sounded amazing. These lasted 2 months and then just fell apart. Honestly I think they're knock offs, the symbol on the ear bud isn't quite right and they are really low quality. I love skull candy and would recommend them to anyone but these are not the real deal.
I use them as both headphones and cell phone conversations. They work as designed but are not very durable. I plan to use them until they fall the rest of the way apart. My next pair will not be skull candy.
Just received my headphones and only 1 of the ear buds actually works.
Skullcandy Ink'd has been my earbud of choice for many years and these are just as good as my last pair. The sound is amazing, far better than any other bud I have tried. And the price is awesome.
I think for the price and the expectation I had for these, they are wonderful. I just wanted a nice alternative to my current over the ear Skullcandy headphones. These have a very rich tone and seem to keep true to the musics intended the. I'd definitely recommend these for this price. Now hopefully they last awhile.
thank you
I brought this a year ago. Have been using it heavily. Great sound clarity, volume and durability. I love it. Would recommend this product
ok, they broke on me when i removed them from one ear
these are very good ear buds . this are quality eaebuds and least every one should try this
Good
My first I am leaving the review on Amazon because this product was so horrible if I could give it a zero I would. Their quality is definitely decreasing, I bought these headphones in order to have a backup pair in case something happened to the ones I was using. Usually they last me around six months, and I will admit that I am the most cautious person with my headphones.However, when I open these the microphone did not work and neither did the play button. I am extremely disappointed... I have a friend that also had this experience. I will not be buying any of their products again
Awesome product for a great price. use it mostly to talk on phone, haven't had any issues so far. Thanks !
works ok
spent extra money for better sound they are just as good as cheep ones!
The ear buds separated from the cap continually, even with careful handling. Recommending superglue to fix it before use as mine broke second day.
They broke less than a month after I purchased them
There was no mic.
good one ...no back drops
I've strayed from the Skullcandy earbuds many times and always quickly come back. They sound great, feel great and they don't fall out. The mic on this model is the only one I've found that consistently works well with my cell.
Great
first pair was defective so they sent a new pair.was satisfied after they said that!
Good!!!
They broke already :( not really happy with this product
The things are great for what they are.. only problem is one of my ear buds hasn't ever worked. if it worked i definitely would give 5 stars.
Very good headset for the price it is going for. Audio quality is very good as well. Saw in ear headphones 2 to 3 times as expensive as these ones and also compared reviews and features and etc on all rhe different ones. My conclusion is why spend all the extra money on a overpriced in ear headset that has the same features at half the price. Give these headsets a try.
LOVE IT! I would buy another ! It came early and in good condition
Purchased these at the very end of July and they stopped working yesterday. Sound no longer comes in unless I hold down the microphone button, and even then it's spotty. Also, there is no way to raise/lower the volume with these headphones, and I frequently have had issues with conversations when using the microphone. Waste of money.
can't adjust volume. button use is for pause/play music or answering call.
It works fantastically swell
True quality!
About 3 years ago I picked up a $5 pair of earbuds from the discount bin at a local bookstore. These lasted me until 6 months ago when I lost them. So I picked up a pair of these. 2 months ago one earbud went out. I endured. Tonight, the second one did. When I looked up the warranty, they want the original receipt, something I do not keep. Why the second star? Well, they did work at least for a while. I will go back to that bookstore for another $5 pair that will hopefully last me 3 years again.
they are great !
When received this item it was already falling apart. Not sure what happened but it was already opened and missing an ear piece
This are bulls***! Don't buy them
Shorted out three days after I g I t them
Good
They sound great just hard to keep in the ear.
I love skullcandy headphone. I love the way it sounds. when it comes to headphone, the #1 thing I look for is the bass and skullcandy deliver that on those headphone.
what headphones are not original, so check it for perù skullcandy store, I want an explanation, they are of very poor quality
Have bought a few skullcandy sets because I am in love with the sound, bought these and another set on Aug 5th, i look after them like anyone valuing great sound would, but in all my efforts i have failed. Just above the headphone connector seems to have an issue, the sound is broken and distorted until you move the cable in that area, on both pair, manufacturer defect?? has to be. I cannot recommend these to anyone on the time frame they lasted me, but gave 2 stars for the sound quality they gave while they lasted. i guess you get what you pay for, i so wish they were better.
I'm a crazy skull candy fanatic. For me personally it's probably the best deal out their they might be a little bit more expensive than others but skull candy has the best sound in my opinion. I've probably washed my skull Candy's about 12 times already and their still sound brand new out the box when I got them. Their not over priced their worth every penny you spend on them I can tell you that for sure.
This earphones are by far the best you can get!!! And for a heck of a deal!!! I would recommend them to Anyone. Bass is deep and the sound is clean and Chrisp and they come with a built in pause/play/skip button on the earphones. AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!
I used to love these. I'd have them break (one ear go dead) every 8 months or so, which was acceptable to me because the sound is good and the clicker is wonderful. In the past 2 months I've gone through 2 pairs (both ears died). I'm not sure if I just got unlucky or if their build quality tanked, but I can no longer recommend these.
as advertised
Amazing sound quality!
I had skullcandy headphones before but these were just terrible. They only lasted two weeks before one of the earbuds broke and the 3.5mm port broke. Do not buys these, they break really easily.
These headphones have good sound and don't cost a lot of money. I like them a lot and will buy more if I loose these.
Despite my sister reminded me not to buy it as hers broke within few months. I am a caretaker so I took the risk and bought it. Guess what, it broke within 3 months, 1 bud stopped having any sound.I gave 2 stars because of the cheap price but I guess that explains why.
the headphones stopped working within 2 months
Amazing sound good price quick shipping just amazing worth your money and time AMAZING
good sound but does not last long
Very good!
Work and sound amazing!
Bought a month ago and the right ear bud lost sound already. I'm shocked considering this isn't a nock-off.
Great
These are great headphones over all. They just look a little cheap to me, nice bass design. The microphone worked great for me no problems at all with it using it on my iPod 5. The one thing is they broke very quickly. One of the sides wasn't in correctly and it got loose. Now there are unusable. I'm really disappointed on how fast these broke. I've only had them for 3 weeks. I would recommend but they do break quite fast. I enjoy Skullcandys products but half of there products break quickly.
Awesome earphones and awesome buy!
great product fantastic service
Skull candy earphone headphone for under $30?  Yes indeed!!  You can't beat this deal this for this excellent product!
I love skullcandy because of their low prices and high quality items. These headphones are no exception. They provide a strong, good quality sound and also have a built in microphone for phone calls. Highly recommend.
Hated these for this reason...they cancel noise so much...that its terrible talking to someone when you can barely hear yourself talk. For example...plug both of your ears...then try talking normal. Thats what its like.
Nice headphones.  Works great when I run
Have had product for a couple of weeks and so far, so good. Very good sound quality both ways, mic works well, and buds are comfortable. For the price, a very good value.
They broke the 2nd day
Purchased this for my boyfriend after the one he originally purchased stop working, and other than coming a day later than it was suppose to, this has been an AWESOME product! He says the ear pieces are so comfortable and fits perfectly in the ear!!
I normally love skull candy earbuds and hadn't understood the hate they got until i got this pair. Immediately started failing once i opened the box, now they don't work at all.
good product
Great product, I've never been disappointed by Skullcandy for an inexpensive option for my earbud needs.
I can sing the praises of having the pause/next/previous button on here, but no one cares. Just rest assured that is wildly convenient. As per quality, they're just fantastic for the price. I am not an audio expert by any means, but the noise reduction and quality of sound is great to my (untrained) ears, so I would recommend these.
Fantastic ear buds for this price. You can't hear anything but te music once you put em on. Flat cable so no tangling. All in all these are excellent.
Good Quality - Great Product for the $$$$No complaints
Work and sound amazing!
Exactly as advertised. Great product!
I like the fit and they make great headphones.  Everyone I talk to says they can barely hear me.  I don't think that the mic quality is what I expected from Skullcandy.
I was a big supporter of Skullcandy, and I would buy their earbuds without question, but finally after having the same problem over and over again with their earbuds, I have to stop. I am a heavy earbud user, and I seem to run in to the same issue with Skullcandy, at some point the wires connecting to the port loosen up and you can no longer hear out of one of the earbuds. I have bought this specific style of earbud and the happened every time.
boring color (i like fun ones), but just as high quality as any of the skullcandy 2.0's, and for only $10? love these headphones!
Work great! Better sound and fit then apples headphones. My 15th pair I've had to purchase because I have a problem of misplacing them.
Awesome, because they are skull candy and they really block out the sound nobody but me can listen to my songs!!!
I've been purchasing headphones between the $5 and $10 dollar range that sound pretty good.  My last set was picked up at a dollar store because life presented me a moment to get headphones before I went to the gym, so I took it.  Those headphones were horrible, these are equally as horrible haha.  I DJ so I have a pair of high fidelity $350 headphones, so maybe I'm just jaded to what good sounds like, but I truly believe these are terrible.  The JVC Gummy's that are $7 to $8 sound phenomenal for the price.  My only problem with them is that they don't have a GPS tracker so I can find them when I misplace them. ;)In addition, I paid $17 for these thinking I was getting a deal.  Then I came on here and saw the price. :(
More than worth it. Bass is nice quality is outstanding and they don't break easy. This is what great head phones should be.
It was my fault for making assumptions but this is the first time I've seen inline controls that didn't include volume, it only clicks.  The description said there were 3 sizes of gels but mine only came with two. They sound good, though.
great quality!
they are great !
This is the second pair I purchased and both had the same issue. After the first 5-6 months for the first pair, the ear bud became separated so that the speaker portion dangles by the two wires inside. I purchased another pair 3 months ago and the same thing happened again. I have had success with Skullcandy in the past but the quality seems to be slipping now.
ear earphone very sturdy and excellent cost benefit. Excellent for daily use.
I used them for two days and they are already broken.
It's amazing and helped me be able to hear it :)
The sound quality on these things is Horrible. Very unbalanced, heights were extremely scratchy and the lower range just never happened. Physically they feel good and strong, but to be honest I could hardly bare to listen to these for more than 5 minutes. These are better off left in the warehouse.
HORRIBLE after only a week i could only hear out of one hear, dont bye this, it will break after a couple days
I've been using Skullcandies since I was a kid, and let me assure you of the quality of this brand. The sound in these earbuds are pretty good, and the quality of the product is great for the price. Furthermore, you get a lifetime warranty with the earbuds, which come in handy as the cheaper models tend to wear out in the span of a few months. All in all, this is a great product.
Both earbud parts broke off the day I got them. Don't waste your money.
Exactly as advertised. Great product!
If I could give this item zero stars I would. I have only used these headphones twice… both times while sitting at my desk working and already one of the earbuds (the one with the mic attached to it) is faulty. 90% of the time it does not transmit sound, and the other 10% of the time it is faint sound, or sound only comes through when I move the wire (although this is no guaranteed fix). Do not waste your money on these!
It's been a few months, and these still work perfectly; great for their price. I have always liked Skullcandy, so these earbuds are nice. The mic is good for when you want to talk to someone on the phone; You can use the earbuds to listen to them and the mic to speak. Well worth the price.
Delivered quickly and in good condition.  The phones work.  Sound is loud and clear. My grandson loves them.
Worked great for 4 months then the jack broke. Now the headphones are no good.
I've had two pair previously. These have uneven sound and have cracks in the plastic.
Just got them and they sound great but some of the copper on the inside and starting to come up already...but still sound great
Great sound quality
I recently purchased these headphones at my local Wal-Mart.  My only complaint is the size of the driver.  It took a bit of breaking my ear in, but its not like the old apple headphones...  They fit 90%.  The sound quality is great.  A lot of depth in the bass.  I use these every day for music and movies.  The mic works very well and haven't had anyone complain of quality on a call.  Don't hesitate to purchase these.
They work great and I received my order quickly.  Very pleased.
good
Good sound quality
Pros:- Rich Sound Quality- Noise cancelling button works great with an iPod Classic- Comfortable in ears- Don't need to crank the volume to hear wellCons:- Earbuds fall out easily (Even with normal activities like cooking)- Be careful of the wire connecting to the plug (My flip case caused the wires to have problems and the music to become tinny and then stopped working after 3 months)- Mic doesn't always register on Windows 7 computerIf you want some cheap headphones that work well and have some cool features then this will work great for you. If you have a flip case I'd recommend either change your case, or find another set of headphones. I've had the case for 5 years, as long as I've had my iPod, and I've never had this problem with any other set of headphones so quickly. I'll either get another set of these, since I love the sound quality, and change my case or I'll try another type of Skullcandy earbuds.
these are great mines came refurbished but at least theyre real
I don't know if this is what it's usually like from this seller, but only one ear bud worked, nothing came out of the other one.
Awesome
They work great
good ear phones.... nice base good sound and keeps outside sound out well
Left earbud had bad sound quality. Right is perfect but if both won't work correctly what's the point. Ended up ordering some LG bluetooth.  Didn't really want to deal with shipping back.
GREAT SOUND, GREAT FIT......best sounding earbuds for the money....but....they wont last long.  I've gone thru 4 sets of these earbuds in 3 months and I take care of my stuff....mu advise is buy these earbuds from Wal-Mart so u can take them back when they fail and they will fail....
No mic or volume control on head phone's. Main reason I got it was I need a headset with a mic.
Works great!
very nice.
Great sound! Great quality! Great price! Ok fit. I like the no tangle chord and the button functions as promised but these things keep popping out of my little ears.
Right ear bud didn't work out of the box. What happened to the compact original Inkd ear buds? I initially thought I might have gotten some kind of generic chinese earbuds but I guess the Inkd 2.0 are really just garbage. They feel cheap and poorly designed compared to the original.
They lasted for a few months but I think it was mostly cuz I blast my music on full volume & do it almost 24\7. These skullcandys are good if you just want to listen for a few hours but listen to them more than 3 hours & your ears will start to hurt over the load volume it gives off

The ear bud ripped off from the cord within  2 weeks. Not comfortable in the ear.
Music quality is average, and the ear cushions were uncomfortable and didn't fit at first. I either have gotten used to it, or it has adjusted to my ear. Good for the price though, but don't expect high and amazing quality.
Boom Boom,nice crisp sound
If I could give this item zero stars I would. I have only used these headphones twice… both times while sitting at my desk working and already one of the earbuds (the one with the mic attached to it) is faulty. 90% of the time it does not transmit sound, and the other 10% of the time it is faint sound, or sound only comes through when I move the wire (although this is no guaranteed fix). Do not waste your money on these!
They didn't work only one ear bud play and the one that did play you could barely hear it. So no I did like them. I paid almost 20 DOLLARS for something that was such a waste of time.
Nice headphones
My kids used to only rely on Skull Candy brand headphones, however we find them not lasting near as long as they used to.  I have bought several over the years but these only lasted 2 months.  Not worth it.
I made sure to read the reviews before purchasing these but since they were more good than negative i went ahead and bought one anyway. I admit they do sound really good and loud BUT like some other review here said mine died after 4 months of use, i made sure to take extra care of them no falls no water, they were always hanging around my neck when not in use or on my table. I gave them another chance and bought another pair just to be sure and sure enough the other paid did the same thing worked perfectly for 3 months and just died so at this point i'm done with skullcandy.
Does exactly what it's supposed to. The quality of sound is great. I only use these at work while I'm sitting at my desk so I don't really put alot of stress on them but the sound is great and they feel like pretty good quality. I had to switch the silicon covers that came on them to the smaller ones (also included) but maybe my ears are tiny.Eithert way, good product for the price!
Broke after 1 month. Terrible construction.
I bought these a few months ago and love them. They're indestructible! I accidentally left them in my gym shorts and threw them in the washer and dryer. They came out and still work great!
Got the headphones and one of the speakers did not work. The guy refunded my money.
Good headphones, bang for my bucks
I have several pairs of Skullcandy headphones, and these are my favorite. They fit comfortably in my ear and they sound great. Very nice for the price.
Didn't buy these from Amazon, but got them at Best Buy. Lasted barely 2 weeks before the left side stopped working. They're garbage.
1. earphone comes apart,  i have to tape it.  2.  People cannot understand me if I am moving at all.
Headphones are working well so far. I have a few complaints as far as their ability to remain in my ear goes, but I think that might be because of the shape of my ears.
The best earbuds I have ever had in my life
These eaphones are really good but dont last that long.Especially if your a skater like me who moves alot while listening to music.
Great bass and sound. Would have given it a 5 star if they were a bit more robust. They just don't last long enough with 12, 13, and 14 year olds fighting over them.
Extremely bad product
Nice for an inexpensive set of ear buds with microphone.  I did use the ear cups off my old Sony ear buds, so deducting one star.  Would buy again.
Skullcandy makes a great product. Beats Dre any day of the week.
Sound is satisfactory for inexpensive earbuds. One of the buds fell apart within a month of buying, which is apparently a common issue. Avoid.
Sound is satisfactory for inexpensive earbuds. One of the buds fell apart within a month of buying, which is apparently a common issue. Avoid.
Good quality while they lasted (2 weeks)
This item suck it stop working on one side
I've bought two of these make of headphones in the past and this is the last time I'll ever buy from Skull Candy. Firstly, they're poorly made. The first pair broke within a month of use. The headphone jack came clean off of the cord without any warning or observable reason. So I bought another pair, hoping that maybe I just purchased a faulty one. This one I've had for about 3 months and ALREADY one of the earbuds refuses to produce noise and the other constantly pops. And secondly, these earbuds are HIGHLY overrated. You could buy something much better at an equal price. This will be the last time I buy a pair of Skull Candy earbuds. A true disappointment.
Pros: Cheap, durable, lifetime warrantyCons: very muffled sound!I had an ink'd 1.0 and thought that these second generation headphones would be the same or better. Turns out I was wrong. The sound is very muffled that things don't sound good at all... Was hoping for more Skullcandy!
I love these headphones. I have multiple pair and I can honestly say these are the only actual earbuds that do not bother my ears. I also noticed the sound does not blast from them on a low volume like my other headphones did. It comes with adjustable ear padding too for smaller ears. I will buy these again and I have already gotten other pairs for my family and friends!
It has a good price considering its excellent sound, sounds powerful and best of all it is very comfortable on the ears.----------------Tiene un buen excelente sonido considerando su precio, suena potente y lo mejor de todo es que es muy cómodo en las orejas.
Great
I have it for more than 2 years and it works great!
When I got them, I would have rated them at 5 stars. They fit great, had a stellar microphone for skyping and phone calls, and the color/design was cool as well (my coworkers liked them a lot) for the price I paid (about 15 at the time). The biggest problem was that they broke probably about a month or so after they arrived. Working absolutely great for the first 2 weeks I had them, I had them attached to my iPod or my Droid in my pocket. The bass was amazing and so was the sound quality (for a 10-20$ pair of headphones). The upsetting part of this situation was that they didn't last. Just above the input (the gold/silver part) the rubber on the chord came apart exposing the wires. I started losing reception in the left earbud, followed by the right about a day or two later. I plan on filing warranty with my headphones. This has happened twice, but I just figured the first time was my fault so I didn't complain about it.  I may never buy another pair of these again (I've owned 2 pairs), despite how amazing they were when I got them. Hoping for better experiences with Skull Candy (who know how to create great sound quality, but seemingly poor craftsmanship) in the future. - Overall, great headphones if you aren't using them to go jog, or do work outside. Just my experience. Hopefully others didn't have the same issues. We'll see where the warranty goes.
My husband buys, on average, about 6 sets of earbuds a year. Mostly because he leaves them in his gym shorts and they go through the wash. But, that's beside the point. I'm leaving this review because he has tried many, many earbuds and has paid 4X as much as these cost. Yet, these are the earbuds he has finally settled on as the best performing and most comfortable. And they are very reasonably priced.
I received this item with good condition.
The Skullcandy S2IKDY-003 are perfect. The sound quality is great. They fit snug in your ear, work just like a pair a Skullcandys would.
They messed up. They only worked for a couple of days. Total thumbs down 
Good earphones for the price. The base is good. It doesn't amplify sound to an annoying levels like the Skullcandy Titans which I was afraid of. The quality of the wire is also good. They don't pop out of the ears like some of my earlier earphones. The only drawback is that if you are sitting in silent places like office or library and have been listening to songs with these earphones on, chances are that the person sitting next to you can hear the songs as well. This happens even if you are not at full volume. Other than that, these are good for the price range. Another good earphones for around $10 are Sony MDREX10LP/BLK In-Ear Headphones.
Sturdy and durable for a guy who destroys ear buds.
I really liked the sound specially the bass performance but it lasted only 9 days, the left side lasted 7 days and the second two days later went silent also...
Skullcandy makes an exceptional great product.
I loved those headphones I care here my music very good they are very comfortable in my ear
I am not happy with this order first of all its defective this is supposed to have bass on both sides right? Well you'd be wrong plus they are really easy to break even if you're careful... 3/10
It was disappointing not being able to adjust volume from the headphones, and I'm actually not sure the mic works very well, I've been avoiding using it because my girlfriend couldn't hear me when I tried using it the first time.
Pros: Excellent sound quality, nice tangle free cord, seems to be well constructed. Snug fit for my small ears.Cons: None yet, though other reviewers complained about durability. Will have to watch out for that.I lost a more expensive pair of Yamaha earbuds that I was no longer happy with. Anyways, Best Buy had these on sale for like $12 bucks, so I figured why not give em a try. Honestly, I was a bit skeptical because most of these "hot brands" produce pretty meh quality products.So far, these headphones have great sound quality, especially for costing less than $20 bucks. Much better then my Yamaha earbuds. High are crisp, while the mids and bass are well represented. So long as these ear buds prove to be sturdy and last more than a few months, I will be very happy with this purchase.
These are the worst earbuds I've ever used.  The initial sound quality was decent for the price, but that's the only positive thing I can say about them.The earbud are uncomfortable and fit very poorly. After 2 weeks, the sound would occasionally cut out. After 4 weeks, the left earbud stopped working completely. At 6 weeks, the mic and button stopped working, and after 2 months the right side failed as well.I imagine that the reason they broke so quickly was due not only to the use of cheap materials, and the poor production quality, but that the design of the product itself is foolish and faulty.The texture of the material used for the cords feels similar to that of a rubber band, so they tend to stick to almost every surface they touch, resulting in a constant tugging on the earbuds.The part of the cord that splits at the Y is covered by a bulky mass of the same material and made to look like their logo. That massive chunk of material in line with the thin wires ensures that it will catch on absolutely everything it touches and the earbuds will be violently yanked out of your ears countless times. As you might imagine, this can be quite painful and could possibly result in a ruptured ear drum.Aside from being extremely irritating, these issues put addition strain on the wires at the connections and cause them to break.I wouldn't recommend these to anyone I liked...
I purchased these Skullcandy earbuds after hearing a lot of positive comments about the company's products. I am deeply dissatisfied with my purchase, however:1) The earbuds to not fit well. This is likely a product of the "one size fits all" plan. One size has never fit all. The earbuds constantly move around inside my ear and require readjustment once a minute or so. They also feel remarkably bulky despite the fact that they are supposed to be small.2) The click control is a joke. Yes, you can play and pause. But that's all you will be able to do. Trying to double click to skip a song or triple click to go back a song is nearly impossible. I don't even think a professional gamer has the manual dexterity to click fast enough for the earbuds to register it properly.3) I get strange feedback whenever I plug them into my computer. The feedback does not render the earbuds unusable, but you definitely don't want it when you are trying to enjoy some music or a movie.4) The sound quality is okay, but I have purchased cheaper earbuds with comparable or better quality.Can't wait for this pair to break now.
Delivered on time. Product was mint condition in original packaging. Worked amazing usually very expensive headphones but I got a great deal would definitely deal with this company again. Thank you!
They don't even work
GREAT BUY
I'll never buy another pair. Bought 2nd pair, lasted only two months.
I love these things.  I used them on my motorcycle under the helmet and they fit really well.
Good stuff. I will buy something else later on.. thank you
Great head phones!
Usually when I  buy headphones, I break them a few months later on accident (rolling them over with my chair, laundry, ect).  With these I put extra effort into taking care of them, as I needed them for work and play and have always liked Skullcandy products.  Unfortunately, three weeks after purchasing, one of the ear pieces stopped working.  Holding the cable the right way worked for awhile (loose wire) but that doesn't work anymore, and I really shouldn't have to be repairing something I just bought three weeks ago.  They are comfortable and have good sound, they just stopped working correctly after 3 weeks.  It is possible that I bought a faulty set but I'm not going to be taking my chances with these again.
My girlfriend said that earphones are not bad, but not great either. When she made calls with them, she said it was very hard to hear the other person; she is on the fence about these earphones. Thank you again for everything!
When the headphones came in the mail I noticed that the plastic that they come in opened way too easily. I also noticed that the ear pieces had dents and gashes all over them. This seller is very untrustworthy and is false advertising this as being new when really he is selling used pairs. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER.
I got these two days ago and they are already broken. The reason was that the cord came out of the mic. I had bought one without the mic before and it was very durable. So I thought that I should get one with volume control. This only has a pause button.UPDATEBtw tried to return them but they didnt believe it was broken out of the box -1star for that now ive paid the price for the I assume better quality 50/50s Somme advice do not buy from hendersons variety shop
These worked very well, however, after a month or so one ear bud had already stopped working. The mic quality was great and so was the hearing quality, but I wished they'd worked longer.
fine
Speakers work very well, but wiring is not very good contributing to a shorter life, I reinforce with some heat shrink tubing to reinforce the cable.
Louder than i expected! Nice quality i use it with my Galaxy s4. No problems, cord is really long, gets in the way at times, but i can't complain.
I bought these earbuds less then 6 months ago, I liked them fine, but they eventually cut out in one ear.  If you buy these, save your receipt to take advantage of the warranty.  I am buying a different brand this time.
Ok, so the highs are a bit tinny - but just a bit.  The mids are slightly muddy, but only slightly.  Bass is solid and clear.  For a guy like me that loses headphones so much he should just buy a subscription - these are a great value.  I like bass heavy music. If you do, I think you would not be disappointed at this price point.Or you can spend another $80- $180 for < 10% quality boost.
These headphones have phenomenal sound quality for the price point, as you should expect from Skullcandy. The problem I had was with the build quality. Again it was good and very comfortable but, they broke after a month and a half. Now normally I only expect ear buds to last on average 3 months but, before buying these I had 50/50s which lasted 2 YEARS. I know, crazy right? I came to the conclusion that it was because I was exercising and using them at work which I move around a lot and that caused them to break very quickly. So my advice is if you are only using them around the house or at the computer, get these. Great sound for the price. If you're going to be using them during activities, shell out the extra $10 for the 50/50s.
I had purchased these because my other skullcandy earbuds had been stolen and I had gotten skullcandy in the past and they have lasted me years and as soon as I got these, I tried them of course, and one side didn't work. Of course me being all about my music, I messed with them till finally I got both sides to work. But, if you don't have the time to mess around with them, don't buy them.
Seriously, I've never had earbuds that broke this fast.  I've actually owned two sets of these.  I forgot how s***** they were the first time, and ended up buying them again :(  Never again, never forget.  The sound quality is terrible, they slip out of my ears, and they are tacky as s*** with tack tacked on.
I have purchased these ear buds in the past. The sound is excellent for a reasonable price. I love that I can listen to music or audiobooks on my iphone and pick up a call with little effort. My family and friends tell me the microphone sound is really good also. I would definitely purchase these again in the future.
they are great working loud headphones they have great bass i would recommened these headphones over many other headphones  and they are cheap to
Pros - Price, iPod control, light weight, cord doesn't tangle or break where it comes out of the plug, plug is small enough to fit with a phone cover, comfortable, sounds great for the price range, cheap enough if they break or I lose them I won't be madCons - No volume control, no little slider on the cord to tighten it up closer to my chin, they will invariably break apart (not really a huge deal if I use them daily for 6-12 months)To the people complaining about sound quality - You're comparing $17 earbuds to $200 ones! What are you expecting??? That's like me comparing my Corvette to a 84 Ford Tempo and calling it slow and ill handling.I know Skullcandy's QC and durability can be a little suspect, as I have had a few pairs go south over the years. So far these have been great. I have used them daily at the gym for 2 months and they show no signs of damage or wear.
Overall earbuds are good. Money wise its bit expensive compared to other brands. Sound clarity is good. There are other options available in the site do more research before opting for this.
I always knew about skull candy, but I always had the iphone versions  or some off brand, after reading the reviews I finally bought one, and i can say i love it better,  the base take a little bit to get use to but worth it
The earbuds are great to use. They are high quality, the mic is very useful for me daily. And I just gotta say it's fantastic and worth the price it is.
I have bought 3 different variants of these buds, only because they were the cheapest I could find at the airport. 34$ a pair? What the expletive. Every one had had one of the buds blow out in a week. And when I say blow out, I mean dismantle as you pull them out of your ears. Terrible product. Boycott. Please don't do yourself the injustice of buying these for yourself. This newest set was doing great, until I pulled them out and the metal sound piece was stuck in my ear completely detached. Horrible quality, tons of background noise. The only thing these buds have going for them is they are the cheapest in Baltimore and Philadelphia airports. Once again, BOYCOTT. Do not buy these ear buds, unless your only expecting a week out of them. Apple buds are much better, and they are terrible. That's a serious, statement please take it seriously.
Sound quality is ok. The cords seem to tangle easily.
Great as Always!
Wonderful product!
Worked for a solid three weeks until one earbud decided to stop working. Second pair of Skullcandy headphones that have broke in the past two months. If you enjoy a hassle, this is for you.
It stopped working after 2 weeks. My expectations for this product was so much. Then I came to realize it was just the same as the others.Yeah, it'd probably be great if it lasted longer, the product was nice looking, but it wasn't much, since it stopped working.
So good I use these as my go to set for gifting friends and family
great
Great sound.
I bought these headphones at Meijer, thinking they were going to be something I would regret buying. You know, bad quality, sounds horrible, just a flat out waste of money. They were $18.99 at the time, and when I started using them, I died inside. I've used headphones and earbuds from so many different companies (Bose, Beats, iHome, etc.) and they never made me feel the way these earbuds made me feel. They were in my opinion better then Beats by Dre!The only downside is that they stop working very quickly and without warning. About 2 months after I bought the earbuds the left earphone stopped working. It didn't blow out, it wasn't a shortage in the wire. It just stopped working, but with all skullcandy headphones they come with a warranty. So keep your proof of purchase (Receipt, or Proof Of Purchase Paper) in a safe place so when they do mess up, you can take advantage of the warranty.But other than that, they are amazing. And I really do recommend them to anyone looking for some great earbuds without spending a fortune!
The headphones sound good. But I may have missed all the notes on compatibility as I have an Android based phonebut none of the additional noted features work for me (play/pause, track forward etc) and the male end doesn'tmate well with my phone. I have to keep playing with it to seat it in, to achieve stereo sound. If I don't fiddle with it Iget sound in only one ear and the audio is quite faint. Otherwise the fit of the ear buds is great (it doesn't hurt my ears)and it gives a nice full sound once the ends mate well
The sound is good and the microphone functions as needed, but the ear-set with the microphone has already fallen apart as the glue clearly weakened and stripped off. I will glue it back together, but it should have already been set in strongly.
My husband was going through earbuds monthly until I purchased these. He loves them. They fit in his ears, stay in and have lasted longer than others purchased.
This is the third pair of Skullcandy earbuds I've bought for myself at this price point, and the sixth pair that I've bought for my family at this price point, but it will probably be my last. Although the price point for these earbuds is good, Skullcandy has now apparently decided to cut corners on quality. These earbuds don't have the little rubber things that serve as a buffer between the hard plastic part of each earbud and the cord. This means the earbuds will short out earlier because when they flex, they will always flex right where the cord meets the hard plastic entrance of the earbud. It also makes the earbuds uncomfortable because the hard plastic cord entrance is rather sharp, unlike a soft rubber gasket. Poor, cheap, corner-cutting design. Skullcandy, you can't retain customers with your brand name alone, and you've lost this loyal customer unless you learn real quick from this boneheaded mistake.
First of all, these dumb things keep falling out my ears. They either fall out completely, or they kind of just hover right outside my ear so the sound is half as audible as it should be. I don't know if my ear holes are too small or what, but I'm a grown adult. I've tried cramming them in but alas they manage to slip out within seconds. And I just end up with wax on them. Ew.Second, even if I could use them properly, the sound quality is just lame. I don't know if these other reviewers are listening to the same earbuds as I'm listening, but I am not hearing any bass whatsoever. It's a very flat sound. Even my old jank on-their-last-leg earbuds still have quality sound.I have avoided this product because I have never had luck with "cute" electronics (with names like Skullcandy), but this was the only one available. Looks like this one is no different than the rest.
for the price you cant find better quality or comfort. The buds stay in my ear fine even when working out/ running
the control button stopped working a week after i got it and its hard to hear out of them when using them
Got these for my son as a gift. He actually pointed these out as Best Buy. I went home and checked Amazon. Naturally they were a lot less. Great product, no complaints
Barely audible bass response. Tinny highs. I got these as a backup for my VMODAs. No comparison at all. Good to have them in an emergency, but I won't use them for everyday.
I loved how they paused an unpaired whatever I was watching or listening to these skullcandy headphones are truly amazing
Louder than i expected! Nice quality i use it with my Galaxy s4. No problems, cord is really long, gets in the way at times, but i can't complain.
I bought these earbuds less then 6 months ago, I liked them fine, but they eventually cut out in one ear.  If you buy these, save your receipt to take advantage of the warranty.  I am buying a different brand this time.
After about a month the right earbud is dead, I only use them in my office computer so they do not get beat around my pocket or anything like that. They sound ok, but the durability is in the gutter.
Great sound but doesn't matter if only one earbud works... I wasn't wasn't even hard on them. Literally just sat them on my desk so I could listen to music at night. I wouldn't recommend these.
Had these same headphones but had to buy a replacement. Don't get me wrong the headphones did not break. It was my fault. I always seem to lose everything. These headphones are amazing. My previous set had been washed 3 times due to me leaving them  in pockets of clothing and forgetting about them but surprisingly they still worked like the day I took them out of the packaging. The current set has lasted me since mid February. Several reasons I decided to purchase them again the mic/control which can pause/play music among other things. They also have flat wiring instead of the round you get on other headphones which provides for easy untangling because i just stuff them into my pocket. At most retail stores you can get them for about $20 but luckily i found them here on Amazon for $10.50 free shipping from bargain accessories. Not sure if you can get them for that price any more but you still only have to pay $14-$16 instead of $20.
These earbuds have the sound quality I would expect at this price range. However, the mic muffles every sound and makes it very difficult to understand what is being said. If you don't plan on utilizing the microphone often, or for important conversations, this is a cost-effective product.
These headphones are very nice, but the ear buds come off way too easily.  I have ad to replace lost ones three or four time already.
I've use many headphones in my time & used SkullCandy's for the last 5yr or so & highly enjoy them but these "Ink'd Headphones w/ Mic" aren't up to my standards. Mainly due to the fact that for some reason the RIGHT earbud gives more bass than the LEFT (which is the side the Mic is ON) as well as the Highs being a little too high for me. I'm more into bass and boom since I listen to a lot of Rock/Metal, watch movies/TV shows on Netflix along with viewing gaming videos on YouTube all with my WindowsPhone8 while heading to work on the bus.Now I've done many tests to prove this & I'm not wrong. A friend gave me the Ink'd "Rasta" Earbuds w/Mic before purchased this pair brand new a few days later. Used them both on multiple devices & even switched sides of earbuds (Used left bud on right ear ect.) & got the same results every time. Don't get me wrong, they WORK as stated but I'm not 100% satisfied with them & that's just me. Hope my Review helps your decision. Thank You.
Initially they worked great. After about a week of minimal use, one of the earphones stopped working. Very disappointed with Skullcandy as this is one of several times this has happened. My previous ones were sent directly to skullcandy since they have a lifetime guarantee and I never received anything back,
For 12 bucks you can't beat the quality of skullcandy's.  They never get uncomfortable and they come with some extra sizes if you feel like the default buds are too big or small.  The mic works really well.  This is my second pair, (I am pretty rough on them.  first lasted me over a year) I will continue to buy.
Good stuff. I will buy something else later on.. thank you
Good quality.
Utter piece of crap. I bought it because my Dell laptop always showed it as one of the options for a headphone whenever I plugged anything in. Damn it. The wire is weak and cracked one day (2 weeks after I bought it. End of story.
These headphones have lasted longer than any pair of headphones I've had before. I was unsure about them as they're the kind that fits inside your ear but I got used to them after awhile.
Faulty production: as soon as I received it in the mail I tried it, and notice a significant sound difference in the left ear bud..Now I have to waste my time trying to get a refund....terrible product......
What a rip off!!! These are the worst buds I've ever had, I received a crappy buds, they sound terrible, they look on very low quality, I will never buy them again, please don't buy them or you'll regret
Even better than my old ink'd earbuds. They're practically noise cancelling with the right size silicone tips, and the sound quality is great.
Compared to my other 20$ earbuds, these are crisp and clear. I am surprised that the bass is not overwhelming as was in other skullcandies I've had. I have another similar set with flat cables that I got for 20$ and the sound is so muddy and pretty mono. These have a very dynamic "surround" feel to them, and again everything is clear and sounds right.I'm also pretty pleased with the materials, they don't feel like cheap plastic. everything feels rubberized. The flat cable is not very wide, so there's still tangles but pretty minor, take a few seconds to get out (vs minutes, or never, on round cables) They feel a little delicate so I wouldn't tug on them if they're caught some where.
These headphones were delivered June 2. I thought the sound quality especially the base was great for inexpensive headphones.Today July 9, I went for a run, and the earbud separated into two parts. The window for returns was over July 2. Glue may work. For the price I figured  I would be satisfied with six months. But a few days over a month is unacceptable.
They might be used but there perfect i couldnt ask for better they have nice sound & nice texture thanks
I've owned a couple of pairs of these. The sound is very good for a small earbud--better than the Apple earbuds--and the mic works fine (I use it for work calls regularly, and everyone can hear me just fine). These also fit my ears better than any other earbuds I've used (the two sizes of rubber covers are key). I like the flat cord as well--I find it tangles much less than a regular cord, and untangles more easily.However, don't expect these to last very long. Both sets I've had have failed--i.e., one of the stereo channels suddenly goes dead, making it pretty much useless for music--within a few months. Fortunately they're not too expensive, so if you just think of them as disposable and are OK with buying a few pairs a year, you'll be OK.
Used with my Samsung smart phone. Superior sound quality to the ear buds that came with it. I like the limited lifetime warranty too.
These get a second star only because while they work, they have good sound.I have owned five pairs of Skullcandy earbuds in the last year.  They fail on average after about 60 days.  Somehow, though, they seem to have cornered the market for relatively inexpensive headsets with mics--so it's buy and replace (and replace and replace) or nothing.
Cons: The microphone plastic cover came off the second I took the headphones out of the packaging. The sound quality of mediocre with almost no base.Pros: Shipping was fast.Edit: I got a full refund thanks to their customer service. The product may be bad but their service is great.
Why do we buy new headphones? Usually we are replacing lost or broken headphones. In this case I bought these to replace my iphone 5 standard headphones.I bought skull candy because i knew the sound quality was decent, and it had a microphone for practicality.However, these broke very quickly. And I was only able to use them for a week or twoReally bad quality headphones, and it's clear skullcandy's business plan is to upcharge shotty headphones
Sound was good till the mic and headphones broke in under a month. The wire next to the audio jack must have come loose because as it moves it causes my audio to skip and the volume to change. At this point the mic only works in certain positions. Really disappointed with these headphones. The audio was good till they broke in 2 weeks.
Decent headphones, but the plug material accumulates dust like no other. It also stopped working after 3 months of use, which is quite disappointing.
The didn't send me the right product. In the photo, the headphones have a mic connected to it. But I received headphones without a mic.
2nd pair i bought only because i gave the first pair away. accidentally left them in my pocket, they got washed, then dried, and they still worked flawlessly. skullcandy for ever
I guess because I was rough on the wired headphones is the reason they broke. so I purchased wireless instead.
I did quite a bit of research and these head phones kept coming up as one of the better bangs for the buck. After using them for about 6 months I have to agree that they offer great sound quality, the cord is rather flexible and the Mic actually works with my Android.The One Problem:They are a metal housing. That means every time I roll in my office chair I get zapped(Static Shock) in the ear. It's a little annoying, since I'm stuck at a desk all day. I put a wrap of electrical tape around them and they work great.Other than that I am very happy with these head phones.
These head phones are light weight and have great sound for the price.  Once you use these, you won't use anything else.
Just got these today. They offer good bass, mid and fairly clear highs. Yet to check durability of these earphones.
People can't hear me on the other end of the mic.  It is kind of nice that I can play/pause music, but prob will just stick to getting the mic less ones from now on.
Ive been using these headphones every day for 3 months. They work great, good sound quality, and the mic has worked great for skyping as well.I have only one beef, but its really annoying. The material used to cover the wires is of a rubbery texture, not plastic like on most headphones. This makes it more durable, I think, however also grippy rather than slick. So the cable drags on clothes, or gets caught in a fold or something, and yanks earbuds out of ear. At least that's my experience. Really annoying.
These ear bud were only used a few times before one side stopped working. Thought all would be well until I tried to get the warranty covered. I don't have a printer and you must print out this long form and go to a UPS or fedex place to send them back. Guess we are out $17.
I bought these in order to use them on my motorcycle. I rode them on the highway for a 40 mile ride and the remote became unresponsive within the first 20 minutes due to being exposed to the wind. Also due to the vibrations or wind audio would cut out. Terrible Headphones.... Very disappointed and will return them.
Great headphones.  They fit  great in the ears, have good sound, and are lightweight.  Like the on and off switch too.
I liked the non tangle cordige but the gentle care one ear bud stopped working within a week.In a word "junk"
Purchased these headphones to be used strictly for my mobile phone.Noise reduction works great and the clarity is excellent.  For the price, these are a great!I've bought several other cheaper brands in the past and will no longer buy anything but the skullycandy brand as long as the price remains competitive.
I guess because I was rough on the wired headphones is the reason they broke. so I purchased wireless instead.
My other skullcandy earphones finally broke after 3 years of use.  Those didn't have the microphone in line so I wanted one that did.  I got these for a good price on Amazon and the buds fit comfortably and the sound is good.  (I'm not an audiophile but I appreciate good speakers and headphones).  It is not bose noise-cancelling headphone quality sound, you will get some background noise leakage but it is good enough for my purposes (at the gym or running outdoors), plus now I can take calls without holding the phone to my ears.  I'm not a fan of bluetooth earsets - you don't have to recharge these and they double as headphones.
It okay I haven't broke it yet surprising but there loud and I like really loud headphones. I love bacon
one earbud stopped working after two weeks.I was just listening then the next morning, one earbud didn't work.I was mad
I have another pair(the exact model) that louder... But overall this model, for the price is my favorite set of everyday ear buds... Great for the gym, work, drowning out the kids(& you can take a call if you get one)... Made a lot of calls with these, they work great(don't have top worry about blue tooth interference from things like servers)
The sound that comes out sounds really muddy and has a very low audio quality. It only favors lows and bass. I guess if you buy Skullcandy headphones, that is all you want. Vocals sound awful, and acoustic music is pretty bad.Also, the mid and control device on the cord of my pair broke within a month of buying them. I have no idea why. There were no cracks or any sign of damage. It must be a techincal problem. I always get techincal problems when buying Skullcandies, whether sound only comes out of one bud, or it has static after a few weeks.Don't buy these headphones.
There really good work great have no proble with sound or mic just what I new they would work like
These work great with my Windows phone and are excellent for phone conversations. I haven't used them for listening to music so I can't comment on them in that regards
I have tried other ear buds in the past from other companies and i like these the best.  I have had them for over a year and they are still kicking. I use them for everything from my iPod for music, to my PC to watch movies. They are also easy to clean by removing the rubber part and just as simple to put back together.
I'm a long time Skullcandy fan and this particular pair had the left earbud just stop working on me for no reason.  Forums said this is a typical problem.The "warranty" however only refunds you whatever you paid on Amazon and then you have to buy the "replacement" from the Skullcandy website, where it is a few $ more, plus shipping both ways.  So "replacing" this defective product if you land a bad pair will run you another $4-8.
eventually stop working- barely hear anything, the microphone eventually stopped working. I am extremely dissatisfied with this product. don't buy this.
I bought these almost exactly a year ago and I love these headphones. Great sound, and the mic is good. However, I have to wiggle the cord to get the left side to work. They seem like good quality but after reading other reviews of how one side quits working, it may not be worth purchasing.
Bought these for my boyfriend, and they are just fantastic. I do not buy any other headphones other than these. The flat wires are fantastic. The quality of the sound fits the price I paid for them, and the wire is long enough for him to place the phone in his pocket without tugging. Overall, I am very happy with this product and would most definitely re-order.
These are inexpensive, and a better quality than most you find in cheaper stores.  You do get what you pay for.
For the $15 pricing i pretty much thought it was worth the money. Ive bought a couple of these but they eventually die out(abuse) accidental strong tugs/pulls when cables gets caught on something (often) OVERALLThis is well worth the $$ and are pretty durable even if you blast your music, bass is VERY nice and remember guys its cheap headphones not your (highend) beats/bose headphones but hell they sure sound like it!
The sound was good but not a lot more from cheaper product.After 1 month it was not working anymore...
used them for 2 days (use them to study at school) and then someone STOLE them!! :( but over all they are really nice and like how it has a mic too
ive had 4 pairs of these (usually because i lose them or the rubber piece gets lost. every single pair ive had is amazing, and always works great, the sound quality and the bass is really good, i 100% recommend these to anyone who needs slim good sound headphones, with a mic, the mic works very well for calls
I bought a pair of these that lasted me two years. I'm assuming they made improvements to them because the sound is WAY better, especially the bass, and the cord is longer. Hopefully these can also last me two years.
I bought these to replace a set that I'd gotten at my local gas station.  My old ones had a hollow, muffled sound that didn't translate music or speech well.  These work much better.  I've heard better, but they are still a vast improvement over the ones I got at the "gas station".
I did quite a bit of research and these head phones kept coming up as one of the better bangs for the buck. After using them for about 6 months I have to agree that they offer great sound quality, the cord is rather flexible and the Mic actually works with my Android.The One Problem:They are a metal housing. That means every time I roll in my office chair I get zapped(Static Shock) in the ear. It's a little annoying, since I'm stuck at a desk all day. I put a wrap of electrical tape around them and they work great.Other than that I am very happy with these head phones.
These head phones are light weight and have great sound for the price.  Once you use these, you won't use anything else.
Just got these today. They offer good bass, mid and fairly clear highs. Yet to check durability of these earphones.
People can't hear me on the other end of the mic.  It is kind of nice that I can play/pause music, but prob will just stick to getting the mic less ones from now on.
Ive been using these headphones every day for 3 months. They work great, good sound quality, and the mic has worked great for skyping as well.I have only one beef, but its really annoying. The material used to cover the wires is of a rubbery texture, not plastic like on most headphones. This makes it more durable, I think, however also grippy rather than slick. So the cable drags on clothes, or gets caught in a fold or something, and yanks earbuds out of ear. At least that's my experience. Really annoying.
These ear bud were only used a few times before one side stopped working. Thought all would be well until I tried to get the warranty covered. I don't have a printer and you must print out this long form and go to a UPS or fedex place to send them back. Guess we are out $17.
I bought these in order to use them on my motorcycle. I rode them on the highway for a 40 mile ride and the remote became unresponsive within the first 20 minutes due to being exposed to the wind. Also due to the vibrations or wind audio would cut out. Terrible Headphones.... Very disappointed and will return them.
Great headphones.  They fit  great in the ears, have good sound, and are lightweight.  Like the on and off switch too.
I liked the non tangle cordige but the gentle care one ear bud stopped working within a week.In a word "junk"
Purchased these headphones to be used strictly for my mobile phone.Noise reduction works great and the clarity is excellent.  For the price, these are a great!I've bought several other cheaper brands in the past and will no longer buy anything but the skullycandy brand as long as the price remains competitive.
My other skullcandy earphones finally broke after 3 years of use.  Those didn't have the microphone in line so I wanted one that did.  I got these for a good price on Amazon and the buds fit comfortably and the sound is good.  (I'm not an audiophile but I appreciate good speakers and headphones).  It is not bose noise-cancelling headphone quality sound, you will get some background noise leakage but it is good enough for my purposes (at the gym or running outdoors), plus now I can take calls without holding the phone to my ears.  I'm not a fan of bluetooth earsets - you don't have to recharge these and they double as headphones.
It okay I haven't broke it yet surprising but there loud and I like really loud headphones. I love bacon
one earbud stopped working after two weeks.I was just listening then the next morning, one earbud didn't work.I was mad
I have another pair(the exact model) that louder... But overall this model, for the price is my favorite set of everyday ear buds... Great for the gym, work, drowning out the kids(& you can take a call if you get one)... Made a lot of calls with these, they work great(don't have top worry about blue tooth interference from things like servers)
The sound that comes out sounds really muddy and has a very low audio quality. It only favors lows and bass. I guess if you buy Skullcandy headphones, that is all you want. Vocals sound awful, and acoustic music is pretty bad.Also, the mid and control device on the cord of my pair broke within a month of buying them. I have no idea why. There were no cracks or any sign of damage. It must be a techincal problem. I always get techincal problems when buying Skullcandies, whether sound only comes out of one bud, or it has static after a few weeks.Don't buy these headphones.
There really good work great have no proble with sound or mic just what I new they would work like
These work great with my Windows phone and are excellent for phone conversations. I haven't used them for listening to music so I can't comment on them in that regards
I have tried other ear buds in the past from other companies and i like these the best.  I have had them for over a year and they are still kicking. I use them for everything from my iPod for music, to my PC to watch movies. They are also easy to clean by removing the rubber part and just as simple to put back together.
I'm a long time Skullcandy fan and this particular pair had the left earbud just stop working on me for no reason.  Forums said this is a typical problem.The "warranty" however only refunds you whatever you paid on Amazon and then you have to buy the "replacement" from the Skullcandy website, where it is a few $ more, plus shipping both ways.  So "replacing" this defective product if you land a bad pair will run you another $4-8.
I did quite a bit of research and these head phones kept coming up as one of the better bangs for the buck. After using them for about 6 months I have to agree that they offer great sound quality, the cord is rather flexible and the Mic actually works with my Android.The One Problem:They are a metal housing. That means every time I roll in my office chair I get zapped(Static Shock) in the ear. It's a little annoying, since I'm stuck at a desk all day. I put a wrap of electrical tape around them and they work great.Other than that I am very happy with these head phones.
The headphones offered great quality sound and an OK microphone. Additionally, the in ear fit is very nice. I think there are quality problems thoughThese headphones broke after about a year of use. This is the second pair of Skullcandy headphones (others a different model) that broke after less than a year of use. I am not sure if this is the nature of sub $20 headphones but it feels like they should at least last a year.
I like it. There is slightly more bass but being a person who likes slightly more bass, it is ok for me.
These headphones didn't last for s***. In less than a week they started cutting in and out and then broke in 2. I treated then with care and hardly used then but the wires got disconnected near the base. Do not buy these they are crap!
I have a very small ear and this type of earbuds usually make me feel uncomfortable, but not these ones. I would recommend this product to anyone who would like to spend a small amount of money on this type of headphones. The noise cancelling DOES work.
After my original skullcandy ink'd earbuds broke after 2 years of heavy use (left earbud went out), I quickly went hunting for another pair and noticed skullcandy had these ink'd 2 ones out. They looked a bit different from the originals and that's when I got a little weary. My gut feelings were correct.Pros: Flat cable really prevents tangling, the mic works well for my iphone 4, the pause/play/skip track functions work wellCons: SOUND. I've been reading these reviews and keep seeing people mention what great bass these things have. Am I missing something here? I've burned these headphones in with a shuffle playlist on my phone for one night (like I did with my last inkd pair) and went about using them normally. After 2 weeks of use, l still have no ear-filling bass like the originals had. I tried adjusting the EQ, tried different sources (PC, other people's phones/mp3 players, etc) and it was just pitiful. Also, it really sounds like there's a sound imbalance in the right earbud, it's like it's somewhat quieter than the left side. While it's subtle, it shouldn't even be there because most people would prefer even sound distribution.Con 2 is a little more nitpicky, but there's no slide-thing that adjusts how close the headphones can be gathered together when you wrap them up around your phone/put it into your pocket. They just kinda dangle everywhere and...well, again it's just a little gripe.Overall, these new models are vastly different from the old, sound-wise. Unbalanced sound-distribution, static in some songs from overload of bass (even on low volume), and terrible bass overall even after 2 weeks of use. Glad I was able to find more of the old model for sale!
skull candies are great headphones and i like that they give you different earbuds too perfectly fit my ears and the no tangle cord is great.
First, I love Skullcandy Ink'd headphones in general and have bought these before BUT this set was different - cheaply made - the wire was very flimsey, the mic did not work.  Sound was ok but I wanted to use for talking on my iphone.  Very dissappointed - unfortunately did not discover this until after I had thrown the packaging away so unable to return.
The headphones will randomly send commands to the phone. Example: Pauses and Starts Music on its own. Google Now will randomly alert me to start talking on my android.However, I will say that the audio matches that of Monster headphones. Amazing sound.
I got this 2 days before estimated delivery date. When I got it, i tried it on, and I loved it. The bass is amazing! And when you put it on, you can't hear anything from the outside. :D these are worth the price for me.
I found these ear bud's very comfortable, even if they did have Skulls on them. I felt these were of good quality.
Well I used these for workin out and they are horrible. The stupid mic would turn on everytime I lifted my arms. Also it would pause my music all time. Would not buy ever again.
As a man who was deaf since birth, I can imagine sound is very nice. And these headphones would help you hear sound  with great detail. But seeing as I have never heard sound I will assumue they are not the best. Hence the 4 star.
Sounded like I got a new playlist! I could hear so much more in my music, definitely a great set of earbuds. I had no idea what I was missing with my other ones.
I ordered the skull candy inked 2.0 eadbud headphones. The headphone I receiver were not the 2.0 style but an older version.
When they worked they were great but they developed a short quickly and for the price, I would have expected at least 6 months or a year of usage.
They work fine but after about 1 week of use, you could hear a short starting to form and the mic. Buttons are a bit overly stiff.-Same issue with the two I purchased.One had to be returned and the other is still working...
these little guys sounded great when they worked and the mic sounded good for calls and they where very comfortable, but after 2 months the mic and the button stopped working and then at 5 months the left ear didn't work unless the it was plugged in just right.it does have a good warranty and i should be able to get a brand new pair :-)
The product was not defective, but it would not stay in my daughters ears, even with the adjustable ear pieces. I did not like how they in my ears either.
They are fairly good.  The microphone is not perfect,  but I think it has worked for me for the most part.
these skullcandy earbud headphones with mic really worked out great it was simple and easy and also pretty loud I actually still have them I will recommand everyone to buy this product.
These earbuds are a great value.  The sound and fit are good. The only reason it's not a five is that the mic could be a little clearer.  it's not awful, but I get some occasional comments that I don't sound that clear when I use these earbuds.
I have really small ears, so it's often a problem that earbuds don't fit. These come with different ear bud pieces so you can find the right size.The sound quality is OK, but it does the job. I've left these in my purse, pocket, etc, so they've been beaten up a bit--still working!I use these for the gym and for work. I think I've had them for about 9 months.Given the price, I think they're worth it--and they're MUCH better than the ones that come with the iPhone.
The sounds quality is ok.i don't really like the grip on the heads but it fits on my small ear.it doesn't have the volume control.overall,,, it is ok
This pair of headphones has good sound quality, fits well in your ears.  So far loving it.  Bought another pair.
these headphones are the best. these easily lasts almost 2 years. They are pretty sturdy and great because it also includes a mic
I bought these for both of my girls. One pair had to be returned because it was broken. After just 2 months we are replacing both pair due to them shorting out. I personally wouldn't waste your money on these. My daughter asked me to buy her another pair of the Skullcandy Titan which lasted for well over a year until they got stepped on.
Great headphones, exceeds my expectations for the price.  Has a mic included, don't use it much on calls.  Great sound, good base.
I hear a static sound every time I plug these in. This ruined everything about these headphones for me and my reputation for skull candy is pretty much gone. From the first day I used these, constant quiet static sounds in the background, so annoying.
These headphones shorted out after one week of use without any wear or tear. I take real good care of my electronics. These are not worth the price even if they cost $5! GARBAGE!
It's a really good headphone for the price but I lacks in the bass but it still good for the price
Its a nice headphone for cheap price, it works perfectly for listen music for cell phones computers and others ...
I bought these specifically to go running it. They worked pretty well at first, and had good sound quality but they died in the first two weeks of me owning them. I do not reccomend these to my enemies.
The sound that comes out of these are amazing!!!! It has great deep bass and the music sounds very clear and crisp all around!!!! My only issue is that the mic seems to stop working rather quickly, I've had 3 of them and all of them have the same issue
After only 3 weeks the socket that plugs into my phone became loose and destroyed the headphones. Unless I have them positioned in a very specific manner, the sound is distorted and low. Absolutely no further reason to keep them.
Great sound and mic is awesome for talking on a cell phone. I really like the flat wire design and they fit well inside my ears.
They work very well, and I don't hear outside noise when I am listening to music or watching a video.
I've been through lot's of low level earbuds. Not saying that they are bad but generalizing them by price. When I initially tried the INK'D they sounded great. Better than many others in it's price range. However they do have unreliable hardware. I've been through too many, some one ear failed, others they just began to sound awful. All these problems begin within 2 months of use. Same things happen to my friends as well. They do have good customer service however, so if they do break you can exchange them. But note that I've exchanged them almost 5 times just this past year. My advice is to stay away from these earphones.
I bought this as a Christmas present for my son and his is more then thrilled with it. I would recommend it.
i love skullcandy brand anything. i refuse to use anything else. they always last a long time and even if they don't, the return policy is killer on the website. definitely worth it.
For these being ear buds they are great!  They have great sound and quality.  I would buy them again when I need to look at getting replacements or an extra pair.
First night both earbuds and mic worked.  Second night one ear bud worked. Third night one ear bud worked off and on.
I broke my first headphones. Then saw this one and boughtit only lasted a 2 months then one side stopped working
I had this one for like less then half a year and didn't regularly use it until recently. I used it to talk to my wife over my iPhone, which means no more than 2 hours a day. The sound quality is good and have no problem talking on the noisy street because of the rubber cap which fits perfectly. But in the past two days it starts have some connection issues and I have to place the plug in the certain position and depth into the socket to hear the voice. Otherwise it's all about noise and disconnections and I cannot use it anymore.
These headphones actually sound pretty good for the price. I have problems with the mic button sometimes connecting to Siri instead of pausing a song or changing to the next song.  Other than that a good cost effective headphone.
They were great and worked fine.... for the first month till the mic side stopped working all together. Ridiculous.  They were not abused at all.
I received them broken, but when I noticed they were broken, the package was in the trash and couldn't be retrieved....
Overview:I'm an audiophile. I'm a music producer, an experienced DJ, and I go to literally hundreds of concerts every year. I also make a dozen phone calls each day. That being said, I rather like these headphones.Pro's:1) Cord is square, doesn't easily tangle.2) Mic picks up voice rather well. Good for phone calls when you need your hands.3) Bass is bumpin', and the mids & highs aren't ignored.4) Fits in ear snuggly and easily.5) Decently hardy for the price. Can survive in sub-zero temperatures.6) Doesn't cause ear fatigue as quickly as other headphones.7) Cost effective.Con's:1) Can't sleep with them. Don't let these go to far into your ear.2) Doesn't play the true sound of the song. It EQ's the bass louder than the rest (can be a good thing)3) Button on cord only stops/plays for iPhone's; it doesn't activate Siri and doesn't skip songs if pressed twice.4) Static if you bump the bottom part of the cable while connected to an output.5) I worry that like all skullcandy's, one earbud will go out. So far it hasn't.Conclusion:Bass is loud, but doesn't play the true EQ of the song. Earbuds fit well, but can hurt if pushed in. Mic picks up, but buttons don't work with iPhone besides play/stop.A very cost-effective pair of earbud headphones for casual, everyday use, and those that enjoy bass in their music.
I was replacing a pair of Skullcandy earbud headphones and liked their sturdy construction, particularly the flat rubber "tangle free" ribbon cable they use (and portray on the pics on the Amazon product page).  When I got my replacement pair it was branded "Scullcandy" but was completely different from my earlier pair and not as pictured on the Amazon product site.  Wiring was small stiff flimsy circular type, typical of the junk free earbuds you get thrown in when you buy an MP3 player or other audible device.  Difficult to untangle. Where the old headphones lasted for a couple of years, these are cheaply constructed and will doubtless fail pretty quickly.I won't send them back because I need a pair of earbud headphones, and this product does work, but my next pair won't be Skullcandy.
They're good and I liked them. They sound good I love skull candy head phones because they are loud and nice.
Its a nice headphone for cheap price, it works perfectly for listen music for cell phones computers and others ...
these skullcandy earbud headphones with mic really worked out great it was simple and easy and also pretty loud I actually still have them I will recommand everyone to buy this product.
Horrible horrible and horrible, they fell apart within 3 days, I am completely disappointed, never again, the plates that keep it together fell off, one stopped working and it was just terrible.
I was really hoping to get these headphones as pictured, but it's a different model from skull candy. The ones I got are okay but not as nice as the ones I thought I was gettings :/
They were good for 4 months,  after that the left ear went out,  the mic/button worked sometimes.  You get what you pay for.
speakers sounded good until they blew. but what should you exspect from a cheap pair of headphones. if they could improve the life span i would get another pair
The BASS kicks, the sound is pristine, but one of my headphones has started to falter and stops the sound at time. This has happened with all my earphones, so I guess I need better earphones than this one
These were great for the first month, and the sound quality is very good. But after about a month of use the sound from the mic while talking on the phone became bad, garbled and hard to understand, plus background noise cancellation must have stopped working.  Bought a $5 pair that works just as well and if I have to replace them after a month any way I wont spend the extra for the name.
I ordered these for a relative as a gift; I already had a pair and they said that they really liked mine so I decided to get them the same exact one. Unfortunately, I didn't receive the item as advertised, instead I received a different pair of Skullcandy earbuds (model number: S2INBI-FZ). They really aren't that different so it's probably not going to be that big of an issue for most people but THEY ARE NOT THE ONES PICTURED or titled on this page.
Nice, decent quality sound for its price. Don't expect an expensive-sounding bass, though. It's got clear sound for mic. The cable's material is superb and easy to untangle.I would get another set.
i know many people doth like the shape of these type of headphones but i would say i personally do. the reason i like them is because when you place them fairly deep in your ear, you can hear an awesome bass. also, these particular skullcandys keep the outside noise out and all you can hear is the music.
I received a pair of iBeats by dr. dre for my 16th birthday and managed to keep the alive until a few weeks ago.  Desperate for a pair of earbuds to use while studying and going about my day, I bought these from my school's store.  I was a bit skeptical at first but quickly noticed that they worked just as well if not better than my iBeats.  I used a different silicon tip than either of the original ones that came with the earbuds (the ones I use are cone-shaped) but the sound quality is superb.  Highly recommend these.  Definitely go for the headphones without the microphone if you can spare it, because I find I don't use the mic at all (and the ones without are cheaper!).
These ear buds are about all you can ask for at the price of $15. I was telling friends about how great they sounded and how there was really no need for anything more expensive, but then I went home and popped them in after having my studio monitor / DJ headphones on for a while and I definitely noticed these buds were no match in sound quality.The highs are a little touchy and break up occasionally, and the mids are a bit muddy. The bass that comes out of these things with the larger drivers is great though, and overall I would say the sound quality is average to above-average. For listening to MP3s on my phone and to get some quiet-time with the noise isolation at work and on the subway, these are great. If you are doing audio editing or demand accurate sound from your ear buds, you'll have to look elsewhere. At $15, you can afford to lose or break these and not really sweat it and overall the sound is pretty good. I didn't really notice the shortcomings in sound quality until comparing them to professional headphones.Was going to give them 3 stars for overall quality of the buds, but bumped it up to 4 stars because you are getting a lot for $15 here.
I purchases these headphones earlier for my husband, and he lost them at the gym. He liked these ones the best so reordered them again. They work great, fit in your ears while working out. Provide 3 different size ear buds for the best fit.
Sound is excellent. Assembly seems to be better. Last pair I bought the earbud actually broke. So far so good.
Quality is great and it arrived on time. Only minor drawback is that when you twist the ear bud plug in the audio jack a certain way, only the left ear bud works. Other than that it was a great buy.
I love these earbuds. I have small ears so it is very difficult for me to find earbuds that will not put painful pressure on my ears. These earbuds deliver great sound for the price and the mic works really well with Siri and music. The ONLY reason I docked off a star is because the silicon buds come off ridiculously easy. I have lost and found one bud several times and have finally lost it permanently.
It is just as expected.  Very glad I bought this.  It works well for me.  I would recommend.  You will not be disappointed.
They block out BOCK ROUND noise, good micro phone and sound is clear! The long cord makes it an easy use and it's durable!
So I do not like Big earmuffs to listen to my music especially if I am working out.  These are perfect for me, as I do not like the apple ear phones.  These put off great sound and also can use to activate siri or the microphone on the iphone or ipad.
These earbuds are a great value.  The sound and fit are good. The only reason it's not a five is that the mic could be a little clearer.  it's not awful, but I get some occasional comments that I don't sound that clear when I use these earbuds.
This is my second pair of Skullcandy earbuds. My first pair (1.0) stopped working properly after about 2 years. Intermittent problem probably from being forced into my pockets/armband. I run a couple of times a week and these have been so useful! I loved them so much I stuck with skullcandy for my second pair.I love the size of the earbuds, I have small ear canals and these fit great, though they come with different sizes.
I have tried many different ear buds and Skull candy are the only buds that do not hurt my ears.
My liked me, but personally they would not return to buy new ones that are really expensive for what they are and are very fragile in the connector part is that you injures while connecting and disconnecting.
I like these ear buds. They were at a good price bought them for my PS Vita. My only complaint is that Skullcandy found it necessary to put their logo on the rubber part of the earbud that goes inside your ear. It is raised up on the rubber so this kinda makes my ear raw if I use them too much. Pretty dumb design. If you have sensitive ears these are not for you. Don't know what they were thinking doing that.Someone needs to check their design team and realize comfort > looks.
Very disappointing purchase for multiple reasons.-The listing says these are "Ink'd 2.0" but they are basic "Ink'd"-There is a microphone, but it does not control the volume - I never would have bought if that was clear.-One ear bud is louder than the other.
Great sound and noise isolation, but the inline mic and remote broke after 5 months. Luckily skullcandy has a great lifetime warranty
Didn't buy these from Amazon but have owned 2 pairs. First one sounded wonderful at first, but after 2 months I lost the sound on the left earbud, AND the microphone feature in the cord stopped working. Sent them back to Skullcandy and got a voucher for a replacement. The second one also sounded great, and after 2 months the sound got very staticky and intermittent due to the cord coming loose where it meets the jack. Keep in mind that I never abused these at all. Just normal usage. Absolutely garbage.
Within 48 hours of use, they began to crackle. Now I have to physically hold the headset plug in the phone at a particular angle to make them sound correct. Terrible quality.
These headphones are great quality for the price. I always buy skull candy headphones and these have to be the best ones that I've used yet!
I would recommend these ear buds, especially for persons that utilize their smartphones for both digital music use, clear and concise phone conversations.The Skullcandy products always exceed my expectations, I utilize more than one set but as I said really like to use these for devices that I need to utilize not just great digital sound but also clear dependable conversations via smartphones, internet, google hangouts, and or any other way you may need to utilize a quality set of digital quality headphones with a built in microphone to use as needed with social media, phone, and smart phone use.
the mic failed after about 4 months, but they do sound good.  overall they are not my favorite headphones, but they are alright
Its sound is great.. among the headphoners I've used i liked this ones a lot but it longed just about 1 month to stop working. I don't recommend them because they break too fast.
These are hands down the best cheaper earbuds I've tried, I now own two pair of these, one for work, one for home.The audio quality is excellent, and the earbuds themselves can stay in my ears for hours, without causing pain or discomfort like some others I've tried.They fit securely, and need to be airtight to work best.
I purchased these for use with my cell phone while at the gym. I wanted to be able to tune out the noise and listen to music, but still be able to catch calls if they came through.  The noise-canceling is amazing, and the call quality is crystal clear.  I also love that they don't get tangled up in my purse or gym bag. I have already recommended these to several people.
I have had a LOT of Earbuds over the years...and after you've tried about 3-or-4 dozen Earbuds...for the most part... they sound all the same to me with very minor differences...the fit is just different for each....until I got a pair of these. They have to be experienced for those doubters out there. The Bass in my Music is DEFINATELY felt when I pop these into my ears...clean sound and great bass. I have a $350.00 Closed-Ear Headphone set from Sony...and shockingly...these puppies truly do make the difference...I use these over my Sony ones.I bought these when they were about $12.95 for 1-pair and since then...every member of the family, friends...guests/associates that have heard me raving about these were doubters until they tried them.I really got these because of what 'TopTenReviews" had posted on them in addition to a 'Lifetime Warranty'.When I buy anything at all...I buy for quality, and because I want them to last.Give'em a shot!You won't regret it!
When i bought this i totally did not consider the possibility of it being in ear. The sound quality is great and the bass plays very nicely. I am in no way an audiophile but the difference in audio quality vs other earbuds is very noticable. The only downside is that even though the earbuds come with 3 different sizes, there is no gurantee that these will fit you. And from experience, if these do not fit you absolutely perfectly, it becomes highly uncomfortable and almost impossible to keep in for a prolonged period of time. I recall switching out to regular earbuds despite a drop in quality simply because the earbuds were so uncomfortable to keep in my ear.Final thought: if these fit you, the earbuds have great quality sound and a decent mic attached to it and is a great buy for only 9 dollars (at the time of purchase). If they do not fit you...then a pretty uncomfortable buy.
I guess the main problem I have is that I am used to Sony earbuds and these are just a little different than I am used to.The cord is a kind of rubbery material that does a pretty good job of not getting tangled up.  But it also drags on my clothes and so sometimes the cord pulls on the earbuds.  I feel like I'm adjusting the fit in my ears more than I did with the Sony buds.One other thing is the jack.  It is a straight plug and not a 90 degree plug.  Maybe the cord is more rugged than the Sony's and it's not a concern.  I'll see how long these last.
the isolation of the exterior noise is fine, but the sound clearance not so. plus, they are keep dropping out from the ears,  doesn't matter if you use the small or the big rubber. not the worst product, but not the best either.
I got this headphone a few weeks back and it is working wonderfully. I listen to lot of music and it sounds awesome on any music type . I am loving it
I really hate the weak sound of most MP3s. Depending on the device and the speakers or earbuds/headphones you are using, MP3s can sound like dog crap. But these Skullcandy earbuds really boost the bass and give a fuller sound. I can actually enjoy my MP3 music now. They fit great and really are a great deal for the money.
Love the earlier version but they weren't durable at all, one side would blowoutBUT these are different. Love the flat cord and the high volume.Nice bass for some Ear Buds.Thinking of getting another pair in another color.
I bought these for my husband on his birthday & he is extremely hard to buy for. He says the quality of sound and product are superior. Definitely a good buy.
The headphones work awesome! They are very affordable and they've worked great for two months. The microphone works awesome too. Usually with my other purchases, the mic would always give me some problems, but this one works great with my phone (Nokia). I would definitely buy it again
Fiirst off the headphones are great. Soung quality is good and the bass is exceptional for a pair of earbuds. Since the buds squeeze into the ears so snugly they also serve as earplugs. I've used them when I try to sleep but me little niece and nephew want to play or argue. They come in real handy on long flights. But, the reason I've purchased six pairs of these is the inline remote and mic. I would be wearing them on a run, cleaning the house, or cooking enjoying my tunes or podcast when a call comes in. Not only would I avoid missing the call but I could answer it without even touching my phone. Just a click of the inline mic would take the call.
The standard Apple earbuds are too uncomfortable to wear on long trips.The Skullcandy's come with two sizes of rubber fittings, allowing you to get a comfortable fit that doesn't fall out or ache over long periods of time. Great sound, great price. Highly recommended.
This earphones are nicely built, relatively cheap and have great sound. They sound great, with deep bass, well leveled highs and good contour, and I can't hear any distortion in a regular volume level. The flat cord and the material it's built with are nice details too, helping me keep the cord from getting messy.
I purchased these while in Afghanistan. I expected the shipping to take much longer but they got to me really quick . The earbuds are top notch. Amazing sound quality. They even suppress most of the outside noise. The microphone works like a charm. The only difference between these and the headsets that come with the iphone is that the iphone allows you to change the volume. With the increased sound quality and noise suppression that these give, screw the volume control. Highly recommended.
These are ok.  Nice long cable,and they work after a few months still.  They are also pretty comfy.The sound is nowhere near as crisp as Apple Earpods. But for the price and considering I only use these at work,  they are fine. Next time though, I will probably just get another set of Earpods.
Summary:Pros: Good audio quality, good bass response, very good build quality.Cons: Absolutely horrible mic, non-existent noise isolation, didn't come with 'large' eartip size.Details:Audio quality: Pretty good, no tearing, very good treble, excellent bass as claimed by manufacturer.Build quality: Looks very durable, love the flat cable. Looks very nice too.Mic: I have used the mic with 2 different phones, and once on my laptop, on all occasions, the person on the opposite end asked me to disconnect the mic in a few seconds, they either can't hear my voice loud enough, or have significant amount of noise. I purchased this so that I could have earphones with mic, that can be used everywhere, but it doesn't work for me.Button: Works fine, no issues here. Single button, works fine on an Android phone.Noise Isolation / eartip: Didn't come with the 'large' eartip set, came only with two sets, presumably the small and medium. I need the large, and the medium doesn't cut it for me, with regards to comfort and noise isolation. When I'm in a train or a train arrives while on the platform, I can't hear anything. I have a pair of Shures, when I'm using them, I can't even hear the train sometimes. I haven't tried these on a plane, but its pointless IMO.Overall: Very good build quality, very good audio quality. If that works for you, go for it. If you're looking for a good mic, or good noise isolation, then keep looking.
I purchased with the intentions of using them during my workouts.  At first I was disapointed by the sound quality; it sounded very muffled and plastic.  However, after using them for an hour or so, the quality did get a lot better.  I would even say they are as good as some 50+ dollar earphones.  They are really durable and I have taken them into the sauna without a problem.  The earphone jack connector was a little too big for my phone case but you can trim off excess rubber from the sides using a sharp razor blade.
The headphones work great. Music sounds great, movies sound great, and even phone calls sound good.The problem is that the buttons do not work with my Nexus 4. Its not a huge issue as that was not a priority for me. But since it doesn't completely work, it doesn't deserve a completely perfect 5 star review.
I own Skullcandy headphones so I thought I would try the earphones and I was pleasantly surprised at how great theses earphones sound.
Wanted a cheap pair just to have in my work backpack so I wouldn't have to keep remembering my other pair. They work admirably but dont expect to stay in activity wise with sweat and such. They sound good enough although I dont use the mic on it so i cant comment on the quality.
These headphones can pass for very high end headphones, the sound is very good, i am a bass person and these headphones hit hard, ive own'd many headphones my life and im at a school where people are always wearing headphones, so i will test them out to see whats better before i buy. I have listened to the big bose headphones and the big turtle beach headphones at my school and i have listened to these Skullcandies here as well, these headphones sound better than turtle beaches and are either equal too or greater than the bose headphones, i picked these over bose due to the great price on these headphones, if you folks want headphones that hit hard, here she is
I love these headphone! They are very comfortable and the noise cancelling is a little too good sometimes, especially when I'm listening to music at work. =) I only with they had volume control on the mic.
The way that these were package caused kinks in the cord, which might have contributed to the hum and sound degradation. Printed off a return label and returned for a refund not 40 minutes later.
I wasn't expecting these so soon! I love my purchase and the price I paid for them! The sound quality is awesome! I LOVE SKULLCANDY!!!!!
Can't get much better than this for the price of the earbuds, they got to my house quick and I love them so far, totally recommend.
I bought these headphones thinking they had the volume control also, but it is only the pause/fast forward/rewind button. other than that, the sound is good, and the price was good. I use these to workout in, sad to say that i had bought two different Beats earbuds headphones and both of them messed up. never paying that much for headphones again
You cannot go wrong these head phones.  I paid somewhere around $18.00. Do not let the price sway you! In recent weeks I  wanted to replace my Bose quietcomfort first generation headphones. A price tag of $299, I would have never replaced them but found if you return your old pair you get a 50% discount. I went ahead and replaced. I use my quiet comfort headphones for watching movies on one my many tablets. Ear buds for walking about, mowing lawn ect. My stock samsung ear buds gave out, the search was on. I read many ear bud reviews at the price point I was comfortable with. Cnet, Headfi, Techcrunch all had good reviews for the Skullcandy product. I took a chance and glad I did. In comparison, if it were not for noise cancelling on the Bose, this product Skullcandy S2IKDY-003 in my humble opinion sound just as good. The bass is thumping without distortion, the highs are crisp. I use both of the aforementioned products with the creative sound blaster X-fi go pro usb sound card. Listening to music is a big part of my life. While I am no expert, I know good sound and this product simply delivers.
Skullcandy is my favorite brand of earbuds / earphones. They fit snuggly in my ear, and rarely if ever cause any issues. I'm glad I was able to find the Ink'd line with the mic.
I have two pair so that I can always leave on in my bag so I'm not without them on the go. The sound quality is great. I would recommend these to anyone who wants a good set of earbuds.
Love these headphones, they look cool and they feel solid. Only thing I have to criticize is that the button on the mic doesn't change track or volume but no big deal. Sound quality is great as well. 5/5 would buy again if mine ever breaks
Purchased these as a replacement for some terrible ear buds I had for awhile and after using them, I really understood what I was missing.  These earbuds were much better with bass tones than my old ones and I enjoy listening to music much more now. The mic works great as well.  Use it for work conference calls and have no issues.  I will likely buy another pair to keep in the gym bag.
As a Utahan I like to buy from a local company like Skull Candy, located in Park City, UT.My daughter goes through ear buds like crazy, I started buying her the Skull Candy because of the warranty.There is no hassle on returns if they stop working, they are great to work with.The buds themselves aren't the best you will hear but for a young teenager thy work great.
Headphones are amazing!!! I had been buying the cheap ones at the dollar store of and over again until my daughter talked me into getting these!! I bought two, one for here and one for me!!! I can't believe the difference !! I will definitely buy again. If you want quality headphones, these are it!!!!
ive had multiple pairs of the inkd 2.0's. and every pair ive had i loved them. a couple pairs went through the washer and dryer and they still worked as good as when i first plugged them into my ipod. the best ear buds for 15 bucks, by far
I like them but the first one I ordered stopped working within 2 months. At first the left ear piece was going in and out. Withing the next couple of days it just stopped working. I ordered a 2nd pair through Amazon and so far still working with no problems.I will update if there is a problem or lack there of. And I sent my original pair to SkullCandy after filing a claim on there website. Hopefully they will send me a E-credit for there online store.
I like them there comfortable they look kool there built great but the sound quality isent amazing my apple ear pods are better
I use these for jogging. They're light and they don't fall off my ears. I still have to test durability, but the seem pretty reliable.
I guess that you get what you pay for. Its ok but I don't think they are very comfortable to be used for hours. They are a little to big and heavy. I like how it looks I don't like how they fell.
These earbuds are perfect, ive had them for over a year and they still work perfectly. In fact the mic and control and everything still work as they always do even after being used completely submerged underwater countless times, I dont know how but they do.
This is my second set of these exact headphones they serve the purpose that I need them for. Thinking of upgrading to the next level of Skull-candy phones for my smartphone though, solid great sounding headphones in a neat package.
Sound quality is good for both listening and talking. I ride a motorcycle, and I use the earbuds as ear plugs, also. At highway speeds, the earbuds stay in your ears, but is a bit too noisy to enjoy music at those speeds. However, if you crank the volume, then you can hear instructions from your GPS, which is more important to me. There is no way to carry on a conversation on a cellphone while riding, but the sound quality when pulled off the road is excellent.I prefer wired earbuds to wireless. These are among the best. Would receive 5 stars, except the cord is very thin and do not expect them to last long. Feels like one good snag could result in failure.
I always seem to be satisfied with skullcandy's products. I think these earbuds are a good product overall. Sound quality is good. They seem to fit snugly in my ears as well. The only con is that there is no volume button which I didn't realize when I purchased them. Other than that I'm satisfied.
I liked it very much because the sound quality is amazing! Sounds great! Sounds like if your in your own world! I would recommend  this. (:
It is more usefull than I expected.perfect voice quality and mic.Unreal clear vocals that is amazing. If you are looking for ear plugs.You really should try these!thank you
These feel very durable.  The ear pieces are a little stiff but other wise they are great. The cables are flat.  Maybe to keep from tangling.
Delivered to my door quickly and sooner than the expected delivery date...they fit comfortably in my ears (no pain or abrasion from the rubber piece part of the headphone...I will definitely buy another pair of these if/when these expire on me.
Love the earlier version but they weren't durable at all, one side would blowoutBUT these are different. Love the flat cord and the high volume.Nice bass for some Ear Buds.Thinking of getting another pair in another color.
Have been looking for mono-headphones to use with my smartphone as I am deaf in one ear.  The sound quality has been excellent and from my conversations with others, the quality of sound transmitted by the microphone has also been first-rate.  I have operated without headphones for so long that perhaps I had lowered my expectations, but I have been very pleased with this product.  Well done!
As long as you aren't some kind of audio snob, this yet of inexpensive buds really do the trick.Pros:Price is lowBass is deepMic works like a charmCables never knot and are a good lengthCons:After a few hours they can rub some people (ear size dependent)No volume rocker on the cord
I ordered those because I've only heard great things about Skullcandy, but those earbud headphones are just bad. The sound quality is worse than from my previous, cheap Apple iPhone imitation earbuds, the treble was painful in my ears, and when compared, was just bad! I live in the Caribbean, so sending back isn't an option for me, but if I could, I definitely would, and I don't think I'll ever buy Skullcandy again. Rather spend some more money and buy Bose, because I have owned earbuds from the major brands so far (Sony, Maxell, Philips, Apple), and all of them were by far better. Also, I hate how the earbuds are made these days, way too big, with those round rubber things that just wouldn't stay in my ears. I wish they would go back to producing the old designs, at least they stayed in my ear.Sorry Skullcandy, never again!
My son (twenty years old) bought these for me for my birthday to replace my iPod. The old ones stopped working. Oh but son these blows the factory ear plugs away. My son has a pair that cost him over $100.00 He later heard these from one of his friends and he was blown away; They not only sounded as good as his...... But was unreal cheaper! So YES I would highly recommend these to anybody. If you buy a pair and you see someone with the higher costing ones. You have got to let them listen to these and watch their faces seriously! These ear plugs bring out the best bass. Unreal clear vocals that is amazing. If you are looking for ear plugs????  You really should try these!
prefect sound.dropped them in the sink while working in the kitchen... full submersion. but they are still going strong. at 15 bucks this is a steal.kudos to skullcandy.w
These are cheap, sound good enough, travel well and work well with my galaxy III phone.  I'm happy I bought them and now use them for when I travel and use another pair when I go to sleep to a movie so I don't bother my wife.  I'm not an audiophile and don't want the sound completely blocked out and these little guys do a great job. These are comarable to many $30 dollar headphones I owned in the past.
The only reason I would not give this product the last star is due to the in-mic feature and skipping songs. It doesn't actually work for me however I have to commend this for being able to amp a phone with beats audio and it serves its original purpose as ear phones! Overall, I do recommend this product but I'm just giving it the benefit of the doubt because I probably haven't figured out the  other features.
Decent sound quality with these although I am not a picky person at all when it comes to sound quality. Stay in my ear pretty well and the microphone works with my Samsung Galaxy S4. I would recommend
great! product use them everyday! i love the way they sound..very stylish and look and sound amazing all the time
These are my second pair of this brand. The first pair I purchased last year, in August. I have never had a pair of earbuds last that long before! I love these because they fit comfortably in your ears and they have fantastic sound. Great earbuds!!
Got the Skullcandy ear phones with mic for a very reasonable price.  So far I have been very satisfied with their performance, I highly recommend this item.
I am a high school student that goes to PCEP (Plymouth-Canton educational park), this high school is actually three large high schools on one large campus and at this school you have to walk between schools for classes; so i lesten to music to pass the time of the comute between schools, my old headphones had just broken and i needed a new pair so i checked out customer reviews and these seemed like reliable headphones so i got them, Dont Get Them and ill tell you why, whenever you move and even when you dont your perverd music player will: fastforward, stop, skip songs, turn on voice control, etc. and there decently uncomfortable, there is one good thing to be said about these headphones is that they have amazing sound quality and are nearly soundprofed but these things cant be enjoyed while its malfunctioning so often
I bought and used them for when I walked to school and for when I ran. They stopped working in about 3 weeks. I would avoid getting these. This is your warning don't get these.
i used it carefully , and within one month one side stopped working.. not worth buying, please dont buy this product
I owned a pair of the last model of these headphones, and they held up through two plus years of everyday use before one of the wires frayed and they failed. Good value for the price. These new models sound great and work great, but they only come with small and medium gels. They fall out of my ears! What gives, Skullcandy? Do you really save so much money not putting the large gels in the package? I couldn't even order them off the Skullcandy website - spare gels aren't available. Luckily another seller on Amazon is selling them, but I shouldn't have to buy something like that in order to use my new headphones. I'm 6'5" tall and my ears are correspondingly large. There was no mention in the description of the new model not coming with the large gels. I deducted 1 star for the hassle and expense of ordering the gels that should have come with the product.
the worst earbuds i have ever bought. I have gotten better ones from walmart for less money and free with devices
After 6 weeks, the audio cuts in and out with cord movement. Useless, don't buy. Would live to return them for credit but the return window has closed. Disappointed.
Nice sounding, they have good bassgood pricegot here fasthella happy with these.well recommended, these are good.
The headphones work well with good sounds and nice control for a good price, except that the cable, where the flat cable meets the plug, fails quickly especially if you have it in your pocket. I've gone through two pair and can't keep buying them due to this issue.
I absolutely love these headphones!!! Especially love the tangle-free cord! Great sound quality!I also enjoy using the built in microphone and also the buttons on the cord to skip songs and control the volume!Great quality!
I absolutely love these headphones!!! Especially love the tangle-free cord! Great sound quality!I also enjoy using the built in microphone and also the buttons on the cord to skip songs and control the volume!Great quality!
I do not know why Skullcandy hasn't included this as a feature, but the cords of the earphones are those tangle free ones. They do not get tangled when you are not seeing them. :)
High quality yet still inexpensive earbuds. They do a good job of cancelling out ambient noise and are not overly big in or on your ears liek other noise cancelling options. Albeit they won't completely block out all ambient noise like some of the over-the-ear options, they do a more than sufficient job.
I've always liked Skullcandy and wasn't disappointed when I got these earbuds! Great sound, everything works flawlessly! I'd recommend Skullcandy to anyone who's gonna buy earbuds or headphones.
Very Nice. I have them in right now and the mic is very sensitive and there is no defects. I love these and if they do break... Skullcandy has a lifetime warranty. The sound quality is better than beats.
These are pretty bad headphones.  I payed a little over $10 for them, in my mind, they are no better than a $5 pair from china town.  No base, horrible audio quality, and uncomfortable in your ears.  Not worth the money
The quality and usability I was looking for, thank you. I use them all the time to talk to people and listen to music whilst running.
Great for the price. I like that it has the mic built in too. I'm able to pause/play music from it too.
she wanted something like this for a while...she is pleased to beable to here and also speak when answering a phone call
I just love the Ink'd 2.0. I am using them as in-ear monitors for singers, and for personal listening pleasure. It's got some serious bass response, and it's got crisp clean sound. The price is incredible if you ask me.The only issue is when you turn them up too high - they start to lose the bass response and highs take over. That's normal however, for most headphones. Thing is, the Ink'd 2.0 reproduce sound louder than stock iPhone headphones for example, so you won't need to go higher than 90% where it starts to go crazy when using an iDevice.
These are good quality headphones, however, I was misled because I thought the Mic on the cord included a volume control. It only contains ONE BUTTON that can stop, play, answer a call, end a call, etc. I'm kind of disappointed but I should have read the product description more
I've been using Skullcandy buds for a couple years now, mainly because of their lifetime warranty.  I like the sound, but they have had a problem losing sound in one bud eventually. I just return to them and get another pair.  I should mention here that I recently learned that their warranty system will only hold your credit for one year.  Return it, get credit, and then use it within a year, or LOSE it!  Also, if you have a return credit, it must all be used at once.  Return a $70 pair, and use it all at once, or again, lose the difference. You can't use half today and the other half some other time.As for these buds, they seem built better than before. The wire is heavier and seemingly stronger. They must be getting tired of the returns?  It could be me, but they even sound better.  Nice deep bass during music plays and great clarity overall.  The mic works very well and is heard noticeably better than my bluetooth for phone talk.Overall, these are a great value with or without the lifetime warranty.  If these do last longer than what I've had in the past, they'll get 5 stars.
I usually get headphones and they last like 4 months and one bud goes out and then I have to get new ones, But theses ones are very durable. I also like the flat cord. I think it looks cool.
I bought these headphones about two months ago and they are already broken. I can not stress this more: If you want durable, quality headphones, DO NOT buy these. The same problem occurred with these that occurred with all other Skullcandy headphones I have owned: Lack of strain relief. The sound completely cut out of one ear after two months of daily use. The only possible redeeming factor to these headphones is that they are not uncomfortable to wear. However, it is entirely possible to get the same comfort (and sound quality) in a pair of headphones that will last a reasonable amount of time. The lack of durability and quality, two of the most important properties in headphones and other electronics, makes these headphones a complete waste of money. I will not buy another pair of these headphones and neither should you.
These are good, but sometimes I feel very hard in my ear. I get pain sometimes. Ear buds are not very soft as others.
For the price I thought these were a good deal.  The music has a nice sound quality to it and the buds fit comfortable.  My only complaint is that I now notice some static when listening to video podcasts with them on.  I do not know if this is an issue with the headphones or on how the podcast was released.  I do know I never noticed the static before but it has not limited me from using them.If they hold up over an extended period of time I would definitely consider ordering these again.
Needed headphones, saw how cheap they were, and snagged 'em. They have good bass, and the quality is pretty good, I'd definitely get another one.
I am not a fan of single ear Bluetooth devices.  I prefer two ear wired.  These earphone do a pretty good job for phone calls as well as listening to music.
one ear piece not working, muffled sound, one side works but the other does not work well, muffled sound, cannot use
Back story: I am involved in recording and studio work. I am used to my beyerdynamic DT770s and my event monitors.I have owned these a day or so. First impressions are not good. They are much like other skull candy products: lots of bass and treble. The mids are very undefined, but they are present and accounted for.Ill keep listening and check back after some burn in time.
I had some of the headphones given to me as a gift and I liked them so much I have purchased two more.
Time of use at review - Months (ish)PROs - nice clear sound, love the micCONs - not really a con, but the flat cable to the earbuds might be something people might find different.RATING - 5 stars, works as advertisedRECOMMEND - Yes, I bought these for my friends daughter and she loves them.
if you dont want to spend a ton of money on beats then get these they sound great and last a long time
I really liked these i really love the price for them feel really comfortable, "tangle-free" and the best part is the amount i paid and i got a lot more than i expected. With just a bass boost app you're good will sound great because of the great big 11mm speaker it packs!!
I really love the new design on the Skullcandy ear buds.  I run every day on my lunch and they never come out of my ears.  I love the controls on the cord.  Great product!!
Very nice headphones and I also love the fact theres a built in mic since I listen to my music thro my galaxy its very easy to answer a call with a simple click.....Ive had them now for a couple months and Im very rough on headphones and theses seem to be well built and the flat cord is what helps I thnk.....Deff order another set when needed!!!!
Nice earbuds! We are pleased with this product. It arrived to our satisfaction and on time!  They are good quality earbuds. Happy Listening!
What I got was sub-par. I don't know if it was a shipping problem but whatever it was. But the sound wasn't good. And half of the microphone casing was missing. I would rate it 0 but they don't let you.
The right earplug didn't cancel out noise at all. The sound is pretty decent, but when I put it in, the left earplug fit snugly. The right earplug went in, but my ear didn't really wrap around it. And when I was listening to music while being driven, I could hear the radio that was coming from the car speakers clearly.
Most likely the best earbuds in it's price range. Astounding quality. Yes better quality than regular Ink'ds. I'm extremely impressed.
These ear buds will last you about one month if you are lucky. The the right ear bud broke on the past two I've bought. Waste of money. Recommend buying a better pair for slightly more.
I've had these for plenty of months now, no wear and tear.They're loud and barely tangle in your pockets.They keep the same quality and throughout the rough wearing, it still looks brand new!Loving the amazing gold color plated connector.
Initially, I was surprised by the great sound emitted by these fairly inexpensive headphones. Unfortunately, "cheap" translated to the build quality as well. After two short weeks, the left earbud came apart. I keep the headphones in a special pocket in my backpack and my jeans backpack. I am able to reattach the earbud, but the sound is gone completely.
I like this product. It has many sizes for you ears. Sound is good and clear. Only problem when you try to talk through it the people your talking to care barely understand you.
THESE CAME TO ME WITH PIECES MISSING AND DID NOT WORK.  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND PURCHASING THIS PRODUCT.  IT IS AN INFERIOR PRODUCT.  NOT SATISFIED EVEN THOUGH IT WAS AT A GREAT PRICE.
Used daily on walks with the dog, after a month they stopped working completely. Go elsewhere, these have the bad habit of breaking quickly.
I use these on planes and they are wonderful.  The noise isolation and sound is excellent and they fit my ears perfectly.  Previously I used noise canceling earbud headphones, but have since stopped bringing them on trips.  I don't need noise canceling when I have these.  The flat cord doesn't tangle either.  For around $20, they are also a good value.  The mic is good too, but I primarily use these for listening.
This is my second pair gave the first to my wife to use for hands free operation in the car and she loves it, audio quality is good enough for me and at the price even better.
Has fulfilled all of my daily needs when it comes to listening to music and talking. I'm 100% pleased with skullcandy
Poduct will not stay in my ear. I've tried all the different iterations, doesn't matter. Won't stay in. I'm not satisfied.
I thought they were pretty good until the left side went out today. I will not be repurchasing, since I know in another eight months I'll just have to replace them.Pros:- They are comfortable, I could wear them for a long time without my ears hurting.- The noise cancelling was good. *See "Cons" for additional info on this.- Small enough to carry around in your bag or pocket.Cons:- They do not last long. (Nothing does anymore, it seems)- I could hear some "static", which was presumably the noise cancelling feature. My previous headphones (a different, over-the-ear brand) did not do this, and they were better at doing the job than these. After awhile I did get used to it, but sometimes it still irritated me.
great for the price, i got it for $13. the stock squishies are crap, get some bluecell memory foam tips to go with it. i put it through the tone generator and got a little background buzzing an 400 through 500 hz. thats about the most frequently used range in a lot of music unfortunately but its minor enough so that i dont notice it. it also has a ringing above 20,000hz but music will rarely go that high. it seamed to go down to 5hz, i couldnt hear it but i can feel it at hing volumes and thats normal. it looses 2 stars for the ear tips and the buzzing but they are great for the price. ill update this later when i know more about the durability
i used to love these earbuds headphones or their quality now it is like they blow out in a day, i dont know if ill be buying more.
The good:Sound quality is pretty good for the price. These headphones were definitely an upgrade from those supplied with my Note II. Decent bass for earbuds. I also like the flat cables. This feature does make them less likely to get tangled.The bad:When used with my phone, I get quite a few complaints that my voice is muffled. So, I feel safe saying that the mic isn't so great.The ugly:3.5mm jack and housing are failing after a few months. I am getting a lot of static and crackling when any pressure is applied to the area where the cable meets the jack. It doesn't take much either.
To me these seem to tangle easier then the old round wire ones.  Great sound and do what they need to.
Satisfying sound quality.  Haven't owned many other earbuds to compare to, but these get the job done.  I keep them in work laptop bag for when I need sound at the office.  Also work well with my phone!
ok. They stay in my ears much better than the last pair of phones I had, but the sound quality is not there.I would not recommend...
These are great.  Mine have been through the washer AND dryer, twice.  Still work great.  Also work well for phone calls.  I didn't even realize they had a microphone until today.
Good quality headphones and mic.  There is no volume control though.  If it had one, I would give it 5 stars.  As it, it's just middle of the road.
These are great headphones but they (the black ones specifically) do not have a mic :( Not sure if I was sent the wrong ones or if that's why they're the cheapest color.
Poduct will not stay in my ear. I've tried all the different iterations, doesn't matter. Won't stay in. I'm not satisfied.
After trying many different types of ear buds, I am very happy with Skullcandy.  The sounds quality is great.  They appear to cancel other noises.  The ear buds stay in place while working out at the gym.  It is nice to have the volume control on the wire.  I do notice I go through a pair a year since the plastic around the ear buds get gross after a year, but again I am using daily in a gym.
pros : durable, good sound quality, good build quality, tangle proof.cons: wish it had volume controller. Also when you put it in your pocket the ear buds rubber fall off sometimes.other than that its a great buy for your buck.
Sound quality is really great! Great lows and highs, blocks out all noise. Gotten them wet a few times from rain, still works perfectly! Thrown around quite a lot. From my work bag to my house. I use it on my computer and phone works great. Flat cord, lessens the chance for the wire to get pulled out. So far works really great. Only thing I have issues with is the mic. Most people can't really hear me when I use it unless it's right next to my mouth, even then it doesn't work but still a great buy! I would buy it again definitely!
First of all the sound quality of these ear buds is very solid. The fit nicely and block outside noise. On the other hand, however, I received these headphone on September 26 and after three days and maybe seven uses the part of the headphones with the speaker that the rubber earpiece attaches to broke off from the housing. It is still attached by two wires and they still play music.Overall solid headphones they're just not held together very well
I choose this rating because it suits my needs. Perfect the way I wanted it. I don't get pain in the ear no more. I like his style and the rubbers at he end to fit your ears good. Yes i do recommend it.
As a big Skullcandy earbud fan, I think this is the best pair I have purchased so far. They don't irritate my inner ear and the microphone is convenient, especially because it also contains the volume control.I highly recommend Skullcandy products.
These earbuds are much more comfortable than iphone earbuds and stay put. These do not ache after use like the iphone earbuds and do not fall out when running.
I bought these to both serve as earbuds for exercising with my iPod and for using with my android phone for hands-free calls in my daily commute to work.These are perfect for both!  As a plus, I also use them with my iPad for watching TV shows and movies. I find the clarity and bass response to be excellent.Another big plus is the cord untangles very easily because it is flat instead of rounded. This is truly one of their best unheralded features.They are very comfortable as earbuds go and have longer than average cord length, which is a big benefit for when I use them at work, connected to my laptop.Really great earbuds for the money. I'm delighted with my purchase.
It works really well with my samsung android phone, other headphones typically make my phone flip out and lose control but these headphones work perfectly, Id recommend them for anyone.
Good quality headphones and mic.  There is no volume control though.  If it had one, I would give it 5 stars.  As it, it's just middle of the road.
These are great headphones but they (the black ones specifically) do not have a mic :( Not sure if I was sent the wrong ones or if that's why they're the cheapest color.
These headphones have good sound quality and are great for regular everyday use such as commuting on the train or bus, watching videos and movies on your smartphone or tablet.However, I don't recommend that you use them while exercising. Whether you're biking, running, or lifting weights, these headphones have the tendency to slip out and require constant adjustment. Also, they're not that durable. After about a month of regular use while exercising, the left year bud's sound has become quieter than the right. i'm assuming it's because sweat got in there and messed with the internal components.
I bought these headphones with the hope they would work with my work laptop (Lenovo Thinkpad) - unfortunately I wasn't able to get them configured/these are not compatible with this laptop to use the headphone AND microphone feature.As some other reviews note, while the package includes differently sized earphone covers, I can't wear these for a prolonged amount of time without experiencing some discomfort. However, buying in ear headphones is always a hit and miss venture. What doesn't work for the shape of my ear may be great for someone else.I do use these with my Samsung Galaxy S4 to take phone calls and listen to music while I'm running. They perform great with my phone - I can use the headphone and microphone feature without any issues. I prefer putting one ear bud in to use while I'm driving (per CA state laws) versus my bluetooth headset and haven't had any complaints as far as call quality or outside noise.
Ive been using these for about a month at work. I work in a factory for 8 hours a day and these headphones hurt after a while. I used to have jvc marshmallows and I could wear those forever and they didn't hurt at all. The sound is not that good and they constantly fall out of my ear and the mic isn't bad but its not great! I recommend jvc marshmallows which is what I am going to get again very soon!!!
One earbud stopped working within 100 to120 hours of use.  Verified it was the earbuds by using multiple devices and another headset.
skull candy always delivers great sound for the price.  we have tons of these all over the house and in all our bags.  mic always works well
Based on the reviews I read around the 'net, I figured these were great headphones (for the money), so I bought two pairs...boy was I wrong!  The sound quality is terrible, and everyone tells me that the mic cuts in and out.  Plus, no answer/hangup button on the cord!  JVC Marshmallows are soo much better, found some at Fry's so we've gone back to them.
Broke. Didn't last long before the one side stopped working. Clicker also failed eventually. Wasn't sad when I lost them.
The Skullcandy brand has always produced some nice earphones and earbuds, and the Ink'd 2.0 definitely doesn't fall short of my expectations from this brand! These earbuds have very clear tones, especially with acoustics. The bass with them is good, but I have heard better before. With the price that these earbuds are at, though, I definitely can't complain, because they sound really nice and I use them daily.Overall, if you want some great earbuds, but don't want to spend $50 or more, these are a great option for you!
Highly recommend.  These have great sound quality and also help damper alot of the background noise.It is perfect for anyone (like me) who works in an office cube!
These are okay but lack in bass. The Skullcandy headphones that are similar to the iPhone headphones are better for bass but these stay in your ears better. It just depends on what you are looking for.
Came in good condition, pretty good. no defects or anything. Good quality headphones like these will last you a long time.
I bought these to replace my Urban Earbuds that broke about 3 months after purchasing.  The price on those were about $34 and after I tried to take advantage of the "lifetime warranty" that doesn't exist in reality I opted to try something new.  I use these for my morning and evening commutes so they do get a lot of use and so far so good.  The sound is clear and better than the Urban Ears although sometimes if I'm walking at a brisk pace they do fall out of my ears.  I would not recommend these if you plan on using them to exercise or do physical activity.  I love the cord design because it is flat and doesn't tangle easily.  The microphone works well although I do wish that it also had a volume option but I guess I can do without it for the price.  Overall they are a good buy and I would definitely choose the Skull candy brand over Urban ears any day.
I bought a set of these at the airport as I had forgotten my own. They were SO uncomfortable it was almost unbearable. They got me through the movie I wanted to watch on the plane, but my ears were so sore afterwards.I would 100% not recommend these earphones to anyone.
These earbuds/mic work great.  I am a casual user of handsfree.  They aren't the best quality but they are perfect for my usage.
I ordered for a headphone with mic.The one that I got doesn't even have a mic.  Don't konw how ppl ship it without even seeing the description .
These headphones were awesome...too bad the left earbud stopped working about 4 months after I bought them They had great sound, awesome bass, and listening to music was very enjoyable with them. I just wish they would have lasted longer. But hey, I get what I pay for with headphones under $20, right?
I'm a big fan of Skullcandy and recently my old headphone set with these. They stay in my ears better than most pairs (which I've had a problem with in the past), but I've noticed 2 things. 1) I can hear the headphones moving (a dull thudding sounding of them hitting up against my ear or shoulder as a run) and 2) this might be my fault, but I can't seem to figure out how to use the buttons near the earphones to increase the volume of my music or call. This was easy on my last model, but seems to hang up the phone now? I still like them and use them and I'm not likely to replace them, but I can't say I'm "100% satisfied"
You get what you pay for... these stopped working in less than a month. However, Titan by Skullcandy have proven to be much better quality.
Good sound quality and good bass. The mic is also great. The price is justified. I totally recommend this product!
I ordered these and apple head phones because I didn't know which one was better so why not try both? Well after trying these while at the gym I came to the conclusion that I did not like them. They go really far into your ear, which hurts. They suction to block out outside sound and ends up hurting your ear drum. I can't imagine it being good for your hearing to have that much sound so close to your eardrum. I would not order them again. The apple ear phones win in this case.
There is a malfunction with these headphones. When the speaker button is press to activate either calls or music it automatically chooses the function that you did not choose.  For example, it will automatically dial the last phone number without you making the call or wanting to make a call.
When i ordered these headphones i expected to be rocking out to awesome tunes. Instead, I am now looking at myself through a small heart shaped, sticky on one side, mirror. Why this company thinks that mirrors and headphones are the same, i know not. When i attempted to stick one of the mirrors to my ear in the hopes of WiFi or Bluetooth enabled headphones, i was disappointed to find that not only did it not have audio drivers of any sort, i now had a strawberry mirror stuck to my ear. However horrible my experience was, the company did refund me completely, though i may want to sue for emotional scarring as having a mirror glued to your ear is quite possible the most disturbing thing in the world.
Arrived in condition described as quick.  I don't love these headphones for running as I can hear the cords shifting and thumping, but that is not the sellers problem.  The buds have a good ear seal and are great for use on planes and when not in action.
Sound quality is good, and they do last quite awhile. Bad news is that if you use them in a gym or for physical activity, know that the sticky rubber-like material that the cord is made of sticks to almost everything, especially skin. So even though there may not be anything restricting the cord's ability to move around, it won't flow with your movements, leading to the never pleasant feeling of earbuds being yanked from your ears unexpectedly, even during a weight set. This is unacceptable.
Sound on these headphones is fine, but mic is almost useless with my Nexus 4. People are always complaining they can't hear me. I would not recommend.
good sound quality and the mic works great on these headphones. if u want good sound and a cheap price these are it
I like it a lot, nice style with a lot of choices colors plus the sound is amazingIts worth what I paid for :)
I bought these to serve me as a handsfree for my Nexus 4. They are awesome as headphones with a nice bass and great sound, and the microphone is decent at least, however they provide way too much insulation, regardless of the buds that you're using. If you plan on using them as both headphones for music and a handsfree while you're walking, jogging and everything else, they are a prime choice for the price, however when you're driving they stop too much of the outside sound for a safe drive
I bought these to serve me as a handsfree for my Nexus 4. They are awesome as headphones with a nice bass and great sound, and the microphone is decent at least, however they provide way too much insulation, regardless of the buds that you're using. If you plan on using them as both headphones for music and a handsfree while you're walking, jogging and everything else, they are a prime choice for the price, however when you're driving they stop too much of the outside sound for a safe drive
Product as described, price was about the same as our local retail store but having Amazon Prime makes it easier than having to make a trip out to get them. I've used them almost daily since purchase and they feel like they'll hold up for some time.I would purchase again from this retailer.
***THIS IS A REVIEW FOR ONES I GOT FROM BEST BUY*****the ones I got from amazon.com were NOT that great. I bought two; one didn't even last a week. The 2nd pair fared better; TWO weeks.**These were great for me. The fit perfectly in my ears and provide excellent comfort and noise isolation. i was always wary about skullcandy because I thought they were cheap and HATED the logo which are right there on the earbuds and kind of stick out. I don't like bringing attention to myself. But after trying them out for the first time, they're really good and I was very pleasantly surprised. I wear earphones ALL THE TIME. Because of that, my earphones get a lot of abuse from getting caught on things to being twisted and crushed and rolled on when I'm in bed. These amazingly and surprisingly lasted months for me when most earphones barely make it 30-60 days before cutting out! I would recommend at 100% except that I'm pretty sure I just got lucky with mines.*If you've read this far, then you know that perhaps I WAS just lucky, because the ones I got from amazon to replace the Best Buy pair have totally SUCKED!*BUT, despite the bad luck with my current pair, I still think these are good earbuds and are a good price.
I've lost these headphones 3X and each time have just gone on the mobile app and did the 1-click buy. Easy decision.
Better sound than the previous model of Inkd'.  They are the only slim connector headphones that will fit the maxboost external battery case without the extension.  Only complaint I have (minor one) is that they tend to work their way out during long workouts (over 2 hours).  Overall they're excellent, I don't mind readjusting the buds once per workout, not really an inconvenience at all!
The product is what I expected it to be and it is perfect.  Thank you and good job. Great for road trips.
I was excited about these: Good sound for the price, inline remote (although no volume control), relatively low cable noise--all essential for my daily bike commuting and jogging. Also, if embossed skull logos on every conceivable surface aren't your thing, the good news is they're pretty subtle on the dark colors. However, these earbuds failed disappointingly quickly. The left bud fell out once and the plastic housing actually broke when it landed on the table. (I've been able to simply jam it back, and a drop of superglue would fix it for good.) More frustrating still, within a month of regular use, the remote has stopped working, and the connection at the jack is causing popping and cut-outs. Can't recommend them. Too bad.
I chose these headphones for one reason, in the description of the product they are described as having a "1.3-meter nylon braided cable with gold-plated 3.5mm plug".  They DO NOT have a braided cord!  Instead they have a cheap, really thin flat plastic cord.  The sound is ok, but nowhere near worth the $16 they're charging!  I'm returning them immediately.
As the title says, I liked the earphones. I mostly bought it for the remote attached to it and its price but both earbuds stopped working really quickly in about 3-4 months. I would've loved it if the durability was better.
These things actually sound pretty good for the price... I was not expecting the bass and clarity. I would recommend if you are looking for something you dont mind losing, but you want them to sound good too
Good buds for the price, stays in the ear pretty well - shares the amazing ability to tie themselves up in knots when you are not looking, like all good earbuds do.
I've tried many brands and these are hands down the best. They stay in the ear very well. They are made of a high quality, silicone like material. They look good and provide great sound. Highly recommended.
Got these for my android phone. they sound great for music. but in calls they are lacking. either these are faulty or this mic just sucks. had high hopes. but really let down.
I've tried a few headphones from different providers looking for good sound and durability. All my previous headphones couldn't survive my daily exercise... walking. The cords would fray and the sound for both music and phone calls would become annoyingly noisy with static. So far these skullcandy are holding up to simple walking without crying uncle and being sent to headphone heaven. It's still early but so far so good. Right now I would say good quality for a good price
These do not fit my daughter's ears... or mine. I love Skull candy, conceptually very cool but if you are jogging or fast walking keeping these in your ears is impossible. I spend more time adjusting them and keeping them in and less time losing myself in my run.Kills the purpose. Maybe it is just me, and my daughter... but I will stick with the factory provided ear bud's which have never given me an issue.Very well crafted however, and they look great so I will give them 3 stars based on that alone.
Pros:Great sound quality for an inexpensive pair of earbuds.Inline Mic and mute buttonTangle-free cordCons:It feels like a expendable pair of earbuds.The silicone covers are a little uncomfortable after a while of use
This is pretty comfortable earphone that I've ever used. I've been using it for about 8 months, and it's really good compare to the price that I bought.
I wish they wouldn't break so easily, in a month, one side of the earphones completely stop working I bought a next one and the same thing happened. The sound quality is amazing though, the only problem is the part where one side just stops working after a month. I used these earphones with Samsung Galaxy s3 if this is useful.
These have very good base and seem like a quality product. Extremely happy I purchased and I have had no issues. I have been using these for a few months now.
I bought these because I'm not really an audiophile, I just wanted something cheap that worked, which it does just fine. I'm giving it four stars because of the fit in my ear, which might not be totally fair because maybe my ears are just strange, but I can only call it as I feel it. I was buying them to replace the ones that came stock with my S4, which fit really nicely and stayed in forever with no discomfort. In contrast, after having these on for a long time and taking them off, my tragus was a bit tender for a while. That said, this was only after hours of leaving them in, which I don't usually do. The vast majority of times, it's fit well, felt fine, and sounds decent, at least to my non-audiophile ears.
I usually need to buy a pair of headphones every month because they would either break or fall apart.But not Skull Candy. These are amazing! I've had them for 6+ months and they work like brand new. It's a little pricey, yes but your paying for a good quality, long lasting headphone. Money well spent and highly recommended.
Pros: Bass hits HARD! These headphones bump.Cons: Mic SUCKS! Person on the line can hear everything in the background louder than they can hear you.
Good sound, fit, and call quality out-of-the-box. However: sound is already getting crackly and distrorted after only 2.5-months of commute-only use; no exercise use (and associated sweat damage.) Will probably attempt a replacement, or just shift to Bluetooth headphones.
There are 3 reasons I love these:1. Good sound for the price!2. The ear piece shape fits better than all the others for me and blocks out sound the best.3. The flattened shape of the chord resists tangling!Why don't all ear buds learn from these great innovations?
these things will not last you more then 2 weeks.do yourself a favor and do not buy these.they are JUNK
I paid $24 for these as a replacement to my beats in ears that lasted a year.These are the worst earbuds ever. The custom for is either too small or too big so they call out after 2 mins of running. The push button freezes so it either pauses mid workout or Siri comes on for no reason.If you're just sitting there listening to music then they are alright but there's no volume control so you have to leave your player out.Not worth the money no matter how cheap.
Plays perfectly, durable, fell in water twice and still works....would recommend to anyone else to get a pair of these head phones
One of the earbuds stopped working within 2 weeks. But I guess you get what you pay for. Next time I'll spend a little more for better quality.
Had to change the rating from 4 to 1 because the mike stopped working after 2 months!!--------I mainly using it for making calls not much for music.. The mike could be better, u need to hold the mike close to ur mouth for clear conversation
Sound-wise, these are the best earbuds I've ever had. Nice bass, good reproduction of other ranges.The non-tangle design works great. I've managed to get the beginnings of a knot in them twice in a month - that compares to getting actual knots into other earbuds more than twice a day.The microphone works well. It does pick up other sounds going on around, so it is not useable in all situations, e.g., when the AC in my car is on the person I'm talking to can hear it, so I either put the mic right up close to my mouth, with my hand around it to dampen out the noise, or I turn off the AC.So I'm very happy with these earbuds. They are much better than I was expecting.
I ordered Skullcandy  Ink'd 2.0 Earbuds and I received the old version.Called Amazon and all they would do is send me a shipping label to send them back and then I would have to re-order the correct ones.Very disappointed I did not get what I ordered after spending extra for the newer version.
I have hearing issues and this product works great for me (audio books and music).My teenage son's have several pairs as well (mostly for music and movies)Great product - I travel over 100,000 air miles a year, these headphones make flights, as well as layovers in airports a much better experienceI'm past the half century mark in age , but good products sell regardless of the name 'Skullcandy' which  is clearly targeted for the younger folksKeep up the great work, I'll pass on the word regarding SK headphones.BTY I've tired lots of earphones and find yours the best regarding performance, cost, and ruggednessThanksE.G.
I like the headphones and the sound great. I recommend Skullcandy over Beats. Prepare yourself for a really great sound.
I had skullcandy previously as well and was always satisfied.  The jack broke while trying to use on Airplane.  Ordered new set and all set.
I am not one to normally write a review, but this item has made me angry enough so I can warn others.First off I want to post this link: B003HKTWKOThat is the old ear buds I had but they finally wore out and I seen they had a new version and I wanted to get it. Since the one w/ the mic was the same price as the one without, I figured I would get it. The sound is the exact same on both of them. It being Skullcandy you will know it has superb quality. The mic is a basic mic that can work with normal handheld electrics that can auto-detect a mic and it works well. My voice comes through fairly crisp and it does its job. That's where the good news ends. My problem with these "newer" ones is the design. If you compare these to the ones I linked you can see they changed the design on it. The older ones curve downward to snuggle into your ear and fit into it. These do not curve at all. They are made of a harder plastic than the other ones. They will cut into your ear if you wear them often and you will bleed. They aren't meant to fit into your ear like the other one. They are meant to cut into your ear so they can stay in place. After a month or so I started to get severe pain in my ears. Eventually I seen it had cut the insides up and I did end up getting a ear infection in both ears. So just beware if you get these. They have great sound, but they hurt over a long period of use. I do not suggest getting these. I highly suggest getting the older ones. Hell, I ordered myself another pair of them and already enjoy them.
the first time I tried these i thought I had just wasted my money. I'd call myself an ''audiophile wannabe'' because I've never owned a high end sound system, but I always try to get the best sound out of the ones I can afford. When I tried this on the first time I was very disappointed because the sound was truly terrible, in the first songs I played some sounds overlapepd others, and there was so little bass that I thought the earphones had a terrible sound range... So I tried a different song, Maria maria by Carlos Santana... and the Ink'd responded good, which was strange, but being the only headphones I had for traveling i kept hearing through them all day.Turned out after all, the next day they sounded great! just like that!! Apparently they needed some ''burn in'' which I wasn't familiar with because my older headsets sounded great out of the boxNow about other things:-The microphone is excelent, even if I'm in my laptop using skype, my friends say they listen to me a LOT better with the Ink'd's mic-The cord is flat and it helps a lot to prevent tangleing, and definitely improves untangleing, my old CX300II used to become a mass of cable after just leaving them on the table-the music control is ok, sometimes I have trouble making a double tap for next song, resulting in pause and play back, but thats probably my fault :)overall i give them 4 stars, they sound pretty good ~once they burn in~, have a excelent microphone, and for the price they're a very good choice, I won't say the best but I would buy them again
These are the best sounding earbuds I have gotten so far, I listen to lots of audio books, and these have the best sound quality and have lasted the longest so far.  This is my second pair, my first pair I am still using, just reordered so that I had another pair if the first pair got damaged, I am rough on them, and they get tangled up on stuff, when i am wearing them, especially if I only have one in my ear.  When I do listen to music with them, its great sound!  I also use them when making phone calls, people say the ear me just fine.  I would recommend this product!
Great for the price, and the only downside is that I have to sometimes hold the mic a little closer to be heard. I always have problems with mics picking me up (Xbox 360 headsets, PC headsets, handset speakerphones... you name it, I'm too soft-spoken or something).These things do the job I need them to though, and they sound good doing it. They're durable too - I've accidentally stood up while these are plugged into my laptop, ran over them with my office chair, and you can't tell a bit. They should be broken and gross, but they're not.
The headphones work great. Music sounds great, movies sound great, and even phone calls sound good.The problem is that the buttons do not work with my Nexus 4. Its not a huge issue as that was not a priority for me. But since it doesn't completely work, it doesn't deserve a completely perfect 5 star review.
I own Skullcandy headphones so I thought I would try the earphones and I was pleasantly surprised at how great theses earphones sound.
I got these on sale at best buy on black Friday for 10$. Thought they wouldn't be good for price. They are BOSS. When you play music they are almost noise cancelling. I wear them at swim meets (which are really loud) and sometimes I can't heat anything but my music. GET THEM! My experience with skullcandy has been a boss one.l
They are okay but not the best headphones.  After a few weeks of use they started shorting out a little bit so I'm not sure how long they'll last.
These headphones rock!!!! I love my new pair; the clarity and the bass in these headphones are amazing and I use them with my Iphone 5. I recommend spending the extra bucks on the mic because it is nice to have in case you are driving and need the lightweight headset. I was impressed with the earbuds that came with iphone 5 until i listend to my friends skullcandies then i had to boss up ;  I immediately made the purchase. Gotta stay handsfree so you dont get pulled over and these are simple and lightweight coming with 2 sized ear pieces depending on personal preference. The microphone version is lightweight, simple and has a great warranty. They stand behind their product....not to mention i got  the item free with amazon gift card dollars  i earned from instant gift cards. (if u like swagbucks you will love this) look up instant gift cards on google and add me as your referral please username: KIEREKULOFT we both earn points for each other. Free is good.
Great headphones, good quality. Shipping was awesome and the price was right. I just absolutely love the skullcandy headphones! I use them for everything webcaming, biking, etc. I also like the thinness of the wire. I love everything about these headphones!
Glad I purchased this product. They really served my needs. Definitely satisfied with my purchase of this headphones by skullcandy
Sound is very clear and sharp for the price.  Nice look and convenient button for use with Android.  Much better than my previous headphones, which cost twice as much.
Though the microphone clicker never worked from the start with my GS3 the earbuds themselves seem to have good enough sound quality. I am also noticing after only a few weeks that the place where the cord meets the headphone jack is starting to show some wear and I will likely be replacing them within a few weeks. Overall, I am much happier with the $5 Samsung GS3 OEM earbuds I purchased as well and will likely not buy these again.
These are my 4th or 5th pair of Skull Candy headsets. Each pair are made well, put up with a beating, and sound great. The bass is enough to satisfy, but not loud enough to make you deaf.
I bought this in October 2012 and they are amazing the sound is perfect and bass is increased a lot from the ifrogz i had, the mic is really helpful and u can talk on the phone hands free my mic started to act up at the end of January 2013 b/c i fell asleep listening to music and during my sleep i guess i pulled the cord. The cord has a little bit of grip and the connecting end has like a hard cover to protect the wires inside from being pulled to easly like with cheap head phones which then causes sound to fade away sometimes or completly makes one side broken so now u gata walk around with one earbud. Basically this head phones will prevent that from happening they are the best.
They work very well and they I haven't taken them to the gym yet but I don't think they will fall out.
The product is quite nice considering the mic function along with the button to skip, pause, or whatever, single function, the earphones are decent, they have nice bass I like using the small buds they seem to give my ears a nicer bass and it has high hats so i keep my ipod in the equalizer mode in Bass Boost, so i get a higher bass, because i love bass and high hats, it sounds nice. I definetly recommend this product
Great quality headphones... the sound is so clear.. I'm a really big music fan, so I use them on my iPod and iPhone and works awsome,
I like these headphones, and the bass is terrific on both the music and podcasts that I listen to on them.  But I don't love them.I found the small covers to be too small, and the design went too far down my ear canal, causing me to feel nauseous without knowing why at first.  The large covers are a little to big to be comfortable.  I suspect that the medium sized covers will be just right, but they didn't come with this version, so I need to order the additional covers for an additional $3.50 to find out.  If they had 3 sizes of covers, why not include all 3 in the package, so I'd know which ones to get more of.I love the cord itself.  On cheap headphones, the cord feels flimsy, which I find is a huge reason they don't last very long.  This cord is anti-kink, and in freezing weather doesn't cause problems.And these have a microphone on one of the two speaker lines that seems to pick up my muffled voice pretty darn well. I haven't even had complaints yet about background noise on my train.Update:  I ordered the medium rubber covers. They fit terrifically.  With appropriate headphone covers, these are 4-star earbuds.
The sound quality is good for listening to music and the remote works well.  I have the flat cable type and they don't tangle.  I can not use them for phone calls.  If there is any minor background noise, I can't be heard on calls.
Don't hold well in the ears. Keeps falling out. Sound is nice.. Would not purchase again. Does not stay on ears.  Do not purchased very cheap product.  Must handle with care or ear plugs separate from the wire.  They lasted 2.5 weeks.  Dont let the name Skullcandy make you think good product. HA!
Okay so i m a 15 year old and music is a huge part of my life and i bought my first skull candy headphones a few years ago, and those ones ended up failing on one side. I have gone through 5 PAIRS of these headphones and every time they just stop working on one side. My dad had the same problem with his and he takes AMAZING care of his electronics. The sound is amazing and these are very comfortable but don't buy it without knowing you will have to buy one withing the next 4 months. the longest mine lasted was 3 months. So go for it if you think you can take PERFECT care of them and just know side will eventually fail.
They have a really clear sound for music, people can hear me clearly when im talking in the mic, no problems!
don't buy this junk it was broken when delivered to me. microphone isn't working and it has no sound in right bud. i regret that i bought this piece of junk.
Let me start by saying that I am a Skullcandy snob.  I love their earbuds and find them the most comfortable brand for my small ears.  I was excited when I discovered they sold earbuds with microphones, and quickly ordered a pair to use with my phone.  When they arrived, I tested them out with my Ipod and found that they sounded great.  Unfortunately, using them to talk on the phone was not so great.  Whenever I spoke to someone through this set, my caller complained that I was "breaking up."  Not only that, but because the earbuds are so snug (fit slightly differently than typical skullcandies), I felt like I was talking under water.  I couldn't hear myself well and found I'd raise my voice to talk, not that the caller could hear me anyway.....  All in all a disappointing purchase.
I got these on sale at best buy on black Friday for 10$. Thought they wouldn't be good for price. They are BOSS. When you play music they are almost noise cancelling. I wear them at swim meets (which are really loud) and sometimes I can't heat anything but my music. GET THEM! My experience with skullcandy has been a boss one.l
Audio quality is excellent. But it isnt tangle proof, not that its a big problem for me. Now to see if its as durable as advertised.
Great product, however there is sometimes an echo of your voice about a half a second or so when speaking.
Very good product for the average user. Don't expect anything top-of-the-line because lets face it, these are cheaper-ish headphones. Great build to themthough!
Good value although sound feels a bit muffled to me.  Overall decent sound and mic works well for its purpose.
I have no complaints with the sound quality. It's the usual great audio quality I have come to expect from Skullcandy. I only gave it 3 stars because I do have issues with the button functions of the buds. The mic works okay but the button is supposed control volume, skip forward/backward, play/pause and dial. I'm not sure why but only the play/pause button works with my HTC Evo Design 4g. I have read that other customers had similar issues also. Whenever I try to use the multiple click function for anything other than dial or play/pause it only dials the last number I called. I have read other reviews where others have downloaded additional apps to solve this issue but I haven't tried it yet.
I needed a pair of headphone to listen to music on my Smart phone.  I can use these headphone to answer and talk on the phone.  That is a wonderful plus.  When it is time to replace, and that day will come, I will replace them with more Skullcandy.
I am constantly impressed with the quality of these earbuds.  I generally would go through a pair of earbuds every 3 months or so but with skullcandy this is only my second pair in as many years.  Not only are they durable, but they sound great, especially for the price.  I picked up this pair with the mic but I haven't had an opportunity to use it yet.
Very comfortable headphones, not my primary pair but may become. Love the non-tangling cord. The shipping was on time and the product was also properly packaged.
These are not the absolute greatest earbuds period but they probably are for the price. Good construction and sound great-especially for the price!
They fit fine in my earsThe sound is realy goodAnd the price was fineSo I recommend them
Awesome sound for $20.  The only issue I had was that the pause/skip feature on the headset doesn't work with my Android phone (Motorola RAZR MAXX).  Still, you can't beat the audio quality for the price of these headphones.I haven't tried out the mic feature yet; the other problem with my phone makes me worry that the mic won't work either.  If you have an Android phone save a few bucks and buy the version without the mic.  But definitely buy these if you're in the market for a cheap pair of in-ear headphones.
I've had these earbuds for about a month now and I am always impressed with them. I almost bought 200 dollar Beats By Dre earbuds which are very similar, but I searched a little more and came across these. They come with two sets of gel-like ear tips which are comfy and help block out sound well. I was, however, surprised to find only two, not three, or four. The cable is a very soft plastic wrapped material and is flat, so I can just throw it in my back and it will not tangle up and I can pull it right out and listen to my music. It comes with a mic. and buttons to control music. There are no volume controls which is inconvenient though. The earbuds themselves have a matte plastic finish and are attractive looking. Now to sound. These block out sound very well, so you don't have to blast the music to drown things out. But if you do turn the volume up, you will be surprised. These have amazing bass. Very sharp when needed and rich too. Great lows and highs. I have never had a problem with them at all. I would highly recommend these to anybody.
The sound quality for these are good for their price. However, the earphones are uncomfortable and fall out very easily. The wrong movement and they'll jerk out or come undone.
Like the title says, for the money, the sound quality seems in-line.But then the rectangular clicker on the left cord, (which I suppose is also a mic), is supposed to Pause/Play with one click, go to the next track via two clicks, and go to the previous track with 3 clicks. Well, this just isn't happening with me and my Samsung Galaxy Fascinate; this screen just lights up out of being black. Maybe I'm an idiot and am incapable of clicking the thing properly even though there is a clicking noise being emmited from the item when I click it. Maybe this feature isn't meant for MP3's on phones, but CD's, which would be ridiculous to create a mic for a CD player. Or just maybe it's the phone's fault and I need to go to Korea and let Samsung know about this, the food is pretty good over there.
i like how long the cord is to be able to rout it through my shirt so i can listen to music while at work & when im on my on time. they sound great & phone calls are clear as well.skullcandy quality, i would  & have recommended these.
They are amazing. I don't have much experience with other headphones but these are very good. I love the noise cancelling feature a lot.
Just returned my Bose SIE2i's for these, woot!  Bose were nice but I don't see much of a difference to be honest except for the bass on these on these are so much better!, which is the main reason why I returned the bose.  They fit great and I don't mind chucking them across the room when I get home because they're pretty cheap.  Man I have a lot left over on my gift card haha.
Product was recieved on tie but broke days after. So if you want better quality then choose someone else. smh
These headphones sound great and I love the build in mic on the earbud cord.  My gripe with this pair is that they constantly fall out when I'm running.  I've even tried wrapping the cord around my ear so they will stay in and they still manage to fall out.  So if anyone is thinking of getting these primarily for running, DO NOT buy them.  If you're just going to use them to walk, or ride a bike then they will be a great pair for you.
The sound is good on these, perhaps a little light on the lower end, but still good.My issue may be caused by my physiology, but these things don't stay in my ears. Even after putting on the smaller rubber fittings instead of the bigger ones that come on them, the phones never feel like they're really properly fitted in my ears, and fall out with the slightest turn of my head. I'm an average-size adult male -- maybe my ear canals are just small. If I really push them in, they stay, but the pressure will get uncomfortable after too long, and I can't imagine having speakers right against your eardrum is a good idea for anyone in the first place.I'm happier with the old-style iPhone (pre-iPhone 5) earphones that sat in the outer part of the ear. The iPhone headphones seem to have just slightly better sound, too.They're fine for sitting at my desk, but I'm never going to be able to use these running.
They sound great but Ive had three pair and they ALL went bad out of one ear.  The sound becoming staticy and then just cutting off all together.  Two of the three the play pause button stopped working as well.  I would NOT recommend these.
I bought these earbuds to replace my broken Apple Ipod earbuds.  The sound quality of the Skullcandy earbuds are good but the earbuds will not stay in my ears.  If I move slightly, eat or anything, they immediately fall out of my ears.  I have average size ears and even with the smaller earbud covers on, the earbuds won't stay put.  I can't recommend these and will be purchasing new earbuds from Apple.
i bought this headphones two years ago, the exact same model, and they were way better than this ones i bought now. makes you wonder what happened with the product 'cause the price hasn't gone down, that's for sure
Just a waste of money, the right side does not work just opened the BOX!!!Buy something earbud else but not skullkandy!!!!
Beware of the on-off switch on the wires.  In theory, this seems like a good idea, but in reality, this extra switch means that my headphones are constantly turning my i-Pod on by themselves when the button happens to get jostled in my purse.  It's a huge annoyance to hear it turn itself on or to realize that my iPod has been running all day and the battery is nearly dead.  I hate this feature!
I give this 5 stars because of how well the bass is compared to the aftermarket Apple earphones.I haven't had them for a while, so I can't say much about the durability, but I must say, this shipped fast. I ordered around midnight Tuesday, and I got it today Wednesday afternoon.My only issue is the mic feature as I don't use this with my phone, so it does get in the way, but they work great. If you have an issue with them falling out, try switching to the smaller earpiece. I did that and it resolved my issue with them falling out.
Received them in the mail this week and immediately tried them out with my Samsung Galaxy S3. Phone was also being charged via USB from my laptop at the time, as it usually is during the workday.  Pretty soon after putting them in the earbuds shocked me.  Just a zap, but definitely an electrical spark on both ears.  I took them out and put them against the back of my hand, and sure enough, it happened again.  Never happens with my other earbuds.  Returning immediately.  Gave skullcandy a try, but this product is just flawed.
I like the headphones.. The wire doesnt tangle and they have really nice sound. Very satisfied ! I would defenitely reccommend this product to others
I don't know how they get such great sound out of earbuds nowadays, but these rock!  Deep bass!  The non-tangle cord works good.  I use my mostly for running/jogging and no problems with sweat failure as of yet.  For the money you can't go wrong.  Beware I thought I was getting the black on black (black logo) and I got the black with silver logo.  Not a huge deal, but different than what is shown on Amazon.
Seems good so far. The sound they produce is pretty amazing for the price. I thought I got a defective pair but soon realized you really have to push these deep into the port on the device you are using. If it doesn't go in deep you lose some of the sound. It had been awhile since I used headphones with this type of jack and forgot some of the rules of use. Like always go deep!
Most likely the best earbuds in it's price range. Astounding quality. Yes better quality than regular Ink'ds. I'm extremely impressed.
Good headphones themselves but product came to me damaged, the mic on headphones was cracked and broken, I was not happy
i really like them and because they are cheaper than radio shack its a PLUS!!!! I REALLY RECOMMENT THEM FOR THE PEOPLE WHO LIKE GOOD HEADPHONES
Instead of forking over another 120 dollars for a new pair of Bose in ear head phones i opted to go cheap and I am pleasantly surprised with these headphones. They function as advertised.
the left side was broken the moment i got it out of the packagei would just get iluv headphone for less than half the price and better sound
I listen to a variety of music genres through these things, and I can safely say that the sound quality is great across the spectrum. Anything from the highs and mids from classical to the deep undulating bass from dub-step can be heard clearly. They might not hold in a battle against some $100+ buds, but for this price they are awesome.
The left earbud went dead within a few months. This was a common complaint on other review sites, but I was in. Hurry and didn't want to drop a ton if money on earbuds. They got the job done, but there are much better brands out there. I have a cheaper pair that has stood up much longer.
First off, let me say that for a fair priced pair of headphones these have pretty good sound quality and do a great job at blocking out background sound. The mic too is a great addition and has come in great use when skyping in busy places.However, the rubbery material that coats the wires grips to everything and i find wearing these headphones a constant battle against friction. Im constantly having to put them back in after they have been yanked out and really do consider this material to be a huge design flaw. You cannot run with them easily, sleep with them in and normal day to day tasks such as walking to work suffer from the same annoyance.i will not be buying another pair of these headphones.
Skullcandy S2IKDY gives decent sound quality.  The design is ok , fits into the ear properly. This is the first time use experience... more to follow
Very good sound, but I had problems with my Nokia 5230. When I listening music, it always start a voice call and interrupt the music. I had tested with my wife's samsung with android and it works perfect.
I lost my original pair of headphones for my Galaxy S3 and had to buy a pair of these Skullcandy Ink'd headphones at an airport. Of course, the price at the airport is roughly double the price of Amazon, but that's besides the point. The shape and fit of the earbud was very good and the mic was decent. However, the sound quality is atrocious. There is so much static that softer sound were completely overpowered by hissing static. The earbuds were only ok for listening to very high volume music, or audiobooks where static was annoying but ignorable. For all other types of music, this set of headphones is worthless. Overall, it's significantly worse than the headphones bundled with most mp3/phones these days.
Order this product on a whim, turned out to be well worth it. Very quality sound, especially for the price.
Works exactly as it should and as advertised.  Choice of different size ear pads is great.  Have purchased three pair of these; one for each of my ZipClips and one for my daughter's iPod.
I previously bought a more expensive earbud that had terrific sound but I want to use my earbuds when I workout and they were horrible for that.  They wouldn't stay in place for very long and I was constantly pushing them back in.  Seems like I spent more time messing with my earbuds and losing focus on my workout.  Then I came across these less expensive buds that "looked" like they would be more stable during a workout.  Well, I am way more happy with these than the more expensive unit I had bought.  They have surprisingly great sound and stay in my ears rather firmly even when running.  I admit that once in a great while one will start to pop out while running but that is the exception rather than the rule.  If I have them in there properly from the start I can run all I want and they are fine.  I guess the main point of my review is for those who are concerned about having a good earbud that will stand up to physical exercise such as in a gym or running outdoors without having to constantly push them back in.  I am very pleased with the sound produced by these and would/will buy them again when these earbuds live out their life. And, they are cheap enough where I can get a good deal of use out of them and replace them easily when they give out, and we all know that earbuds will only last for so long.  Highly recommend these.
My daughter absolutely loves these headphones.  She says that the clarity is great and is much better Han a lot of other brand earphones hat she as used.
I was very impressed when I purchased these at the airport. I have smaller ears, and the smallest sized buds actually fit well. The cords are lightweight strips and don't get in my way. They aren't incredibly long, but they are a decent length to use.For this price range, the sound is good. Since I used them on an airplane, I know that they offer a small amount of noise cancellation, but they aren't perfect in that area.A good, low-cost solution. FYI, I paid less at the airport than is showing here, so do price around.
Got this for my sons new itouch he wanted the mic upgrade but was disappointed when the volume control was not working.
The sound quality is great and the ear buds seem to form a good seal and stay in place.  I went for a run and tried them out.  They kept popping out and the I can hear the cord bouncing through the ear bud.  I tried messing around with them, but eventually gave up and continued the run without music.  These will be kept at home for use, but I will not run with them again.
A lot of people spectate that these earbuds are sub par by a wide margin, but that's because of what people are going by.Do they have good bass sound? Yes. I can hear bass clearly on a booming song like "Professional Griefers" by Deadmau5How long do they last? Seeing as I fall asleep with them on, go everywhere with them, and they clink around in my bag (not recommended even though I do it), they last about 9+ months. If you take excellent care of them, wrap them up nicely, don't bang them on things, and keep them in a headphones jacket/holder, -I give them two years max. My old old old first generation pair of these Ink'd buds lasted 3 years but I rarely used them...Comfortability? Highly. I couldn't stand Apple earbuds and these are just a gift from God.Price? 20$ for these earbuds is not bad at all. They're good headphones and they last -it's worth it.So there is really nothing wrong with these earbuds unless you have a fussy person that doesn't take care of their stuff.I'd recommend these to everyone.
They sound great, very good quality, but I have found that some people had some problems hearing me loud when using the mic on a call.
My son really wanted these earbuds for Christmas and was so excited when he got them. He loves the mic!
this was a very good purchase, the sound is nice and the sound cancel system works pretty nices, making every time I use them hear all my music without any distraction.
These headphones are okay, but for the price, they do not live up to my expectations. I had a pair of Ear Pollution headphones that I bought at Walmart for $15, but the wire attached to the jack snapped. For the price, I thought that these would serve as a great replacement.They didn't.The lows, mids, and highs are great - less than perfect, though - but there is little-to-no bass out of the speaker; it's annoying to have to hear the beat instead of feel it. Coupled with the fact that these phones seem to amplify the vocals and drown out the instruments - quite effectively - it sounds like I'm hearing music through a tin can attached to a string.Overall, these didn't quite live up to the expectations I had set for them, and I was a bit disappointed afterwards.For a few dollars more (or less) you can get much better sounding headphones.
The quality is good, however, the headphones stopped working suddenly after only 2-3 months of normal use.  Would not recommend for anything long term.
Hell, I love it. They work good,feel good, and are very durable. I absolutely recommend this item. Thank you again.
Just to provide a simple background of who I am and what I have experience with to help you get a clearer picture of who is reviewing this product: I've purchased quite a few headphones/earbuds during my existence on this planet; from Sony to Sennheiser to Souls, from over the head cans to in ear buds. I have a home studio where I have a pair of ATHM-50's and Sennheiser HD 203's for recording and have a pair of Soul SL150's, SMS Street by 50's, Soul SL49's, and Sony XB500's for casual listening.SOUND: 3/5I purchased these Skullcandy's from Radioshack for $17.99 for the simple fact my earbuds I used with my work computer broke and just wanted a cheap replacement. After 2 weeks of burn in and listening, I will say that these earbuds are at most, average. The bass, although not overpowering, is very present and handled very well. The highs and the treble is where in my honest opinion, these earbuds fall short. These earbuds produce very HARSH highs to the point where I cannot listen to the song. Besides the harsh highs though, everything else is pretty good, especially for the price point.DESIGN: 4/5As far as I've tested, the microphone works very well and the headset is pretty clear when I'm on the phone. I really love the cord design (flat) and the earbuds themselves are plastic and are EXTREMELY light. I find a light weight ear bud to be very favorable, i.e. my Soul SL49 which I must say are the BEST sounding earbuds on the market right now, fall short in one area and that is the earbuds are so heavy, they tend to fall out quite frequently. I love the ability to pause and play music with the remote on the cord but it's missing a volume control. You can wear these for hours without any sort of nagging or pain-very comfortable.To summarize, I always HATED the Skullcandy brand and vowed to NEVER purchase any Skullcandy products but because of the reduced price point at the time, I gave in. Initially when looking at this brand, you can't take it seriously because of the name and logo (at least I couldn't) but I must say, coming from a negatively biased point of view towards this audio brand, they are pretty average earbuds and I would recommend this specific product to people looking for a cheap pair of earbuds with a mic for handsfree control on your iPhone or Droid device. A better alternative if you are looking for AMAZING sound are the Soul SL49 which I got for $35. Just look around.
These headphones are good in the sound department but the mic answer/pause button feels poorly made.I would just get the skullcandy's with no mic.
The sound quality is great, however I wish the mic was alittle smaller..... Other than that I would reccomend them to others.
These earbuds are decent if you're not an audiophile. I love how the cable is flat, therefore it tangles less. I would recommend these for anyone looking for a cheap pair of earbuds.
Product came fast and looks great, can't wait for my son to open it at CHRISTmas!!!  He will be so excited.
They actually stay in my ears on long runs, Hope you all enjoy these as much as I have in the past weeks
I use these to talk on my phone and to listen to music. Great sound, very convenient...and at a great price!
I had these pair or earphones since August, for $20, I must say these are the best earphones with a mic I have ever bought. I have a Nokia Lumia 900 Windows Phone( as you can tell by the title of the review), and I also have a pair of Philips SHE6000/28 In-Ear Surround Sound Headphones, the skullcandy earphones have a great balance of pitch, bass, and high vocals. The Philips earphones feel like they have a muffle sound when reaching high bass notes, but these have no muffle noise at all. The microphone is also another reason why I purchase these. Since I ride the bus on my commute to school and listen to music, these help me take calls while I'm on my daily commute. The call quality is outstanding plus the sound that it produces when making the calls are a 5/5. The media playback feature can be a little confusing at times. When the phone is on sleep, you can't control anything. But when its awake, it works flawlessly. So if you are in the market for a pair of in-ear earphones for you smartphone, I definitely recommend these.
I was in love with these earbuds when I first got them. They fit in my ears properly, had good sound, didn't carry sounds over to whoever I was sitting next to, etc. I even liked the little mike on the side which has the nifty property of starting my music automatically when plugged into my phone.But... It all changed. The sound was still good, but the ear bud piece doesn't seem to be very well fixed onto the headphones. The squishy part fell off the right side. I replaced it with some replacement parts I had from another set that stopped working. Then, about a month or two later, the other earpiece fell off as well. Now, they're basically refurbished with pieces from different headsets, which affects how well they fit in my ears.If you don't really need the extra functions, I'd recommend getting a cheaper pair that will fall apart anyway. To be fair, though, the sound quality is still quite good and doesn't shock my ears, which is what happens with others, so...Good, but not great.
These ear buds are some of the best i ever had. Super clear sound and really bumping bass. Sounds as good as my 1000w surround sound
They were great for the 3 months they lasted. One of the headphones cut out. If you go easy on headphones, these are good. If you are an active user don't get them unless you want to replace them frequently.
I like these ear buds. They offer great sound with deep bass and clear highs. The mic feature works great with the iphone 5. The best feature is the flat cord. It's flat not round. This keeps the cord from getting kinked. They also shipped fast. A must buy.
Like the fact that they are sturdy and the sound is excellent.  Also they are very comfortable in the ear.  I would buy another pair.
My last pair of Ink'd earbuds lasted for years, but when they finally wore out, I couldn't find the color I wanted at the store. So I bought the equivalent pair of Sony earbuds. Big mistake: the Sony buds don't sound nearly as good. I ordered a new pair of Ink'd buds online, and sure enough, I could easily tell the difference when they arrived.Compared to the Sony buds, the Ink'd have much stronger bass and mid-tones.I find these to be very good compromise between price and sound quality. They're cheap enough to replace if they get lost or ruined, but they sound great with my Sansa Clip.I ordered the Ink'd buds without a microphone, but received the miked ones. No matter, they sound good, and now I know the left one from the right.
The ear buds do not stay in my ears.  I tried both pairs and neither one works.  Never will buy again.
I bought the headphones because the only other pair I had were crappy Apple headphones. They arrived on time and everything, were the color I wanted, etc. These are a great pair of all around headphones. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because a couple weeks in they started making a scratchy, fuzzy sound while I was listening to music. Almost sent them back, but never got around to it. It's stopped for now, so hopefully it won't start up again. But yeah.
if you ever owned a pair of skullcandy ear buds them look no further. If you haven't these are definitely worth the money.
These headphones are cool the first day or two because the quality is decent. These headphones are almost like sound blocking ear plugs, and can be quite damaging to your ears. Once I started to workout in them that is when it all went downhill from there. From the simplest task to working or walking fast they ALWAYS fall out. They seem to not stay in your ears when you are in motion. Cheap headphones for twenty bucks! I could have got some better headphones from the dollar store! WTH
IT WAS COOL and fun day at the mall wit my  head fone but they toke long 2 get got to am flip
I ordered the Skullcandy Inc'd 2.0 Mic'd with Mic1 from BC Surf and Sport. I really need a mic to talk on the phone while I'm driving because I drive about 10 hours a week. They sent me the plane Ink'd, with no mic, which costs 5 bucks less. They even left the price tag on it: $19.99! I'm pissed! It took like 10 days to get to me, and I don't want to pay anything to ship them back, and wait another two weeks to get a 25 dollar item. Don't order from them, they are incompetent!!!
I bought these last wednesday to replace the last skull candy headset. Then all of a sudden the right earbud went out. I will never again purchase this product again.
I ordered the Skullcandy earbuds for my iPhone to use for listening to music and making phone calls. I used the product for two days and after ~2 hours of use the left earbud stopped working and the microphone button (to control the music player) also stopped working. The sound quality was just OK (tinny, etc). They seemed like decent earbuds for the price but breaking in 2 days is pretty ridiculous.
These ear-buds are great! I was going to get the JVC XX ones but decided to go with skullcandy since my last pair lasted me 3 years! I am not disapointed they sound great, with really deep bass and crystal clear mids!
I bought these primarily for running.  My requirements were for them to stay in my ears, and to have a way to pause/skip tracks.  Sound quality was secondary for my purposes.  That being said, these fit the bill quite nicely.  They stay put in my ears, and I rarely have to adjust them.  This, of course, will vary by ear type/size, but it does come with two different sized nubs.  The Mic/control provides exactly what I needed--click once to pause, and twice to advance tracks.  It can also trigger voice dial on my iPhone, which was a nice bonus.  Sound quality is what you would expect in this price range--passable, but nothing to write home about.  They seem to be holding up to my abuse, which is also nice for the price.  I've run many miles, sweat all over every component, and everything still works fine.  My only issue came not from the product itself, but the seller: I ordered black, but received red.