
       thinksound ts01 headphones deliver a warm, rich, booming sound. The extra large, 10mm dynamic driver offers outstanding bass that won't distort. The ts01 high-definition headphones feature PVC-Free cables and a beautiful hand-crafted, sustainable wood housing. The housing also enhances the sound quality. "They sound great, have a good build quality and best of all, they have a limited impact on the environment." - Digital Trends. Offered in a rich Silver Cherry or Black Chocolate finish, every pair comes with a cotton carrying pouch, and four sets of ear fittings to ensure a perfect fit. As with all of our products, thinksound ts01 headphones come with a one (1) year warranty.
      
       
      
                 Rich, booming sound with enhanced bass, warm midrange and clear highs.  View larger      Real wood rear housing construction for controlled bass response.  View larger    Cotton carrying pouch and four sets of ear fittings included.   View larger  Delivering a rich, warm sound thinksound ts01 headphones deliver a warm, rich, booming sound. The extra large, 10mm dynamic driver offers outstanding bass that won't distort even at high volumes. Enjoy enhanced bass, a warm midrange, and clear highs. The ts01 headphones are perfect for the listener who needs some extra bass. The ts01 high-definition headphones feature PVC-free cables and a beautiful, hand-crafted, sustainable wood housing. The housing also enhances the sound quality. The real wood rear housing construction allows for controlled bass response, smooth midrange and natural resonance. The precision-engineered front aluminum housing delivers accurate high frequency reproduction. Offered in a rich Silver Cherry or Black Chocolate finish, every pair comes with a cotton carrying pouch, and four sets of ear fittings to ensure a perfect fit. Sound Signature Enhanced bass, a warm midrange, and clear highs. The ts01 headphones are perfect for the listener who needs some extra bass. Design The ts01 features real wood rear housing construction for controlled bass response, smooth midrange and natural resonance. Precision engineered front aluminum housing for accurate high frequency reproduction. What's in the Box? thinksound ts01 In-Ear Headphones, four sets of flexible silicon ear inserts, cord clip, and cotton carrying pouch.     
      
       
      
