
       thinksound ts02 headphones feature an in-ear 8mm high-definition driver for outstanding, all-around audio performance. "What struck me most about the Thinksound TS02s the more I listened to them is just how relaxed and easy to listen to these are" (Musical Musings). The ts02 flaunts a reduced speaker diameter and housing size to provide better ergonomics, upgraded acoustics, and a wider sound-stage. The ts02 also features PVC-Free cables and a hand-crafted, sustainable wood housing for more accurate sound reproduction. "It's a great feeling walking around NYC cranking a new record i just finished on my thinksound headphones! Sounds great!" (Josh Wilbur  -  Grammy winning record producer and engineer). Offered in a rich Silver Cherry or Black Chocolate finish, every pair comes with a cotton carrying pouch, and four sets of ear fittings to ensure a perfect fit. As with all of our products, thinksound ts02 in-ear headphones come with a one (1) year warranty.
      
       
      
                   Delivering a rich, booming sound with an enhanced bass, warm midrange and clear highs.   View larger      A beautiful, hand-crafted sustainable wood housing enhances sound quality.   View larger    Cotton carrying pouch and four sets of ear fittings included.   View larger  An orchestra on the go thinksound ts02 headphones feature an in-ear 8mm high-definition driver for outstanding, all-around audio performance. The ts02 flaunts a reduced speaker diameter and housing size to provide better ergonomics, upgraded acoustics, and a wider sound-stage. The ts02 high-definition headphones feature PVC-free cables and a beautiful, hand-crafted, sustainable wood housing. The housing also enhances the sound quality. The real wood rear housing construction allows for controlled bass response, smooth midrange and natural resonance. The precision-engineered front aluminum housing delivers accurate high frequency reproduction. Offered in a rich Silver Cherry or Black Chocolate finish, every pair comes with a cotton carrying pouch, and four sets of ear fittings to ensure a perfect fit. Sound Signature Delivering deep, precise bass, a warm midrange, and clear highs. The comfort and sound signature of the ts02 makes it a great headphone for extended listening. Design The ts02 headphones feature real wood rear housing construction for controlled bass response, smooth midrange and natural resonance. Precision engineered front aluminum housing for accurate high frequency reproduction. What's in the Box? thinksound ts02 In-Ear Headphones, four sets of flexible silicon ear inserts, cord clip, and cotton carrying pouch.     
      
       
      
