
       JLab marks the 5th anniversary of the best-selling JBuds line with the striking new J5. Benefiting from five years of evolution in design, sound quality, durability, and comfort, the J5 earbuds-style headphones represent the most universally appealing JBuds ever. JLab continues to refine our signature sound, fueled by a dialogue with thousands of customers on how different JBuds models translate their favorite tracks and genres. The J5's titanium micro drivers deliver an incredibly smooth and consistent response across the entire frequency curve, from deep, rich bass to full, luscious mids and crisp, vibrant highs. The all new 45° angle jack leverages the strength of pure metal with the durability of flexing rubber. The Y joint features the rugged exoskeleton pioneered on the J4, now more compact. The lightweight cable is reinforced with Kevlar for optimum flexibility and strength. Sleek housing ergonomics deliver an ultra comfortable fit with a satin soft feeling inside the ear. The J5 is so comfortable, you can barely feel you're wearing earbuds. The rear bass port offers the optimal mix of airflow to the drivers through an inset rear chrome grill inspired by Italian supercars. The front housing sports a contrasting metal bling ring, protective front chrome grill, and JLab's classic sound tube, compatible with our double flange tips. Crafted from solid aluminum and polished with a silky anodized finish, the J5 is available in an array of sinful colors. 24 karat gold plated 3.5 mm jack for premium, lossless connection. Details include laser engraved logos and custom '5' strain relief. Includes 4 pairs of silicone cushions as well as a clip for securing the cable. Compatible with JLab's sport ear hooks. Compatible with Kindle Fire, iPad, iPod, tablets, MP3 players, and other devices with a standard 3.5 mm jack. Also available with mic (J5M) for use with mobile phones and tablets. Backed by JLab's limited one year warranty and world-class support.
      
       
      
       #jl_box{border:1px solid #ccc;border-radius:10px;-moz-border-radius:10px;box-shadow:10px 10px 5px #ebebeb;}“For the price you can't go wrong. They sound great and are built very good...”Crafted by 5 years of innovation in audio technologyJLab marks the 5th anniversary of the best-selling JBuds line with the striking new J5, the most universally appealing JBuds ever.The J5's titanium micro drivers deliver an incredibly smooth and consistent response across the entire frequency curve, from deep, rich bass to full, luscious mids and crisp, vibrant highs.The all new 45° angle jack leverages the strength of pure metal with the durability of firm flexing rubber. The Y joint features the rugged exoskeleton pioneered on the J4, but lighter and more compact. The lightweight cable is reinforced with Kevlar for optimum flexibility and strength.Sleek, refined housing ergonomics deliver an ultra comfortable fit with a smooth, satin soft feeling inside the ear. The rear bass port offers the optimal mix of airflow to the drivers through an eye-catching inset rear chrome grill inspired by Italian supercars.Crafted from solid aluminum and polished with a silky, scratch-resistant anodized finish, the J5 is available in an array of sinful color pairings. 24 karat gold plated 3.5 mm jacks for premium, lossless connection. Includes 4 pairs of soft, silicone cushions in XS, S, M, L, as well as a detachable clip for securing the cable. Compatible with our soft double flange Pro tips for even greater range of custom fit, and with JLab's removable ear hooks.Compatible With:Tablets: Kindle Fire, iPad, Motorola Zoom, HP Touchpad, Asus EEE Pad, Acer Iconia, Toshiba Thrive, Coby Kyros, Viewsonic, Sony, Blackberry Playbook, Vizio, Archos, Android, Dell, T-Mobile, and other tablets*.MP3 players: All iPods, Sansa, Sandisk, Coby, Archos, Sony, Creative, Sylvania, and others*.eReaders: Kindle and others*Computers: All laptops, notebooks, and desktops**JBuds are compatible with any portable devices with a standard 3.5 mm jack. Please check your device specifications or manufacturer for any further compatibility details.Also available with an in-line microphone (J5M) for use with iPhone, Android, HTC, Blackberry, and other mobile phones, as well as tablets with VOIP apps, including Skype*.Your Satisfaction Is Guaranteed.JLab guarantees your satisfaction on every JLab product, no matter what. All JLab products sold on Amazon come with a limited one-year warranty and JLab's world-class customer service. Please use the serial number on your warranty card to register your product with JLab. Contact JLab Customer Service here. So, how can we help you today?JLab Premium Audio ProductsInnovative audio technology with a range of cutting edge features.IMAGEMODELDESCRIPTIONIntroFeatures C3™ (Crystal Clear Clarity) Technology.Plush, Cross-Stitched Headband with Eco Leather™.Adjustable, Industrial-Grade Hinges.45-Degree, Gold Plated 3.5-mm Jack.360-Degree Rotating Cups for Easy Storage or Travel.SupraInnovation that drives the design of JLab's latest trend-setting on-ear headphones.Engineered with JLab's unique sound curve for a better listening experience.Soft memory foam and ultra-smooth micro suede ensure all day comfort.One of a kind tangle free detachable flat cable with mic & phone control.BomboraInspired by classic lines of early headphones and the eclectic style of today's globe stomping DJs.Engineered with JLab's unique sound curve for a better listening experience.Soft memory foam and ultra-smooth micro suede ensure all day comfort.One of a kind tangle-free detachable flat cable with mic & phone control.JBuddiesBuilt in volume regulator keeps kids ears safe.Built in volume control knob for ease of use.Custom designed from the ground up to fit a kids head aged 2+.Includes multiple custon animated stickers and soft drawstring pouch.GO Waterproof MP3 PlayerFully submersible, the GO's ergonomic, cord-free design is ideal for swimmers, cyclists, runners, triathletes, walkers, hikers, water and snow sports, and any kind of workout or commute.X-BassThe X-Bass features an integrated passive subwoofer for extra deep bass, and a glossy black finish with updated lines for a clean, modern look. Includes a detachable kickstand to provide adjustable support.IMAGEMODELDESCRIPTIONGO Bluetooth Wireless HeadphonesPair of wireless GO Bluetooth sport headphones.Bluetooth 2.0 support for streaming audio from compatible mobile devices and MP3 players.• Innovative wireless and sweat proof, wrap-around designUp to five hours of playback time between charges.Includes seven tip sizes for a secure fit.Micro USB cable for easy charging.CrasherLouder than the competition - see our video demo.18 hours of playtime more than doubles the competition.Built in USB charger to keep your mobile device powered.Speaker Phone & mic.GO Bluetooth HeadsetWith a sweat proof design, the wireless GO Bluetooth stereo headphones are perfect for streaming audio from compatible mobile phones and MP3 players. Behind-the-head design eliminates wires and provides a light, comfortable fit.IMAGEMODELHOUSING SIZEDRIVER SIZEDESCRIPTIONFit11mm10mmThe FIT’s adjustable, built-in earhooks ensure a comfortable and secure fit — no matter what you’re taking on. The unique 45-degree-angle jack leverages the strength of pure metal with the durability of strong, flexing rubber.100 Percent Sweatproof, Splashproof & Washable.Built-in Earhook, Designed to FIT You.Fit model includes discreet inline microphone for use with smart phones.Diego11mm10mm10mm neodymium micro driver with super bass.Dual color tangle free flat cable.Siri friendly mic (and Android too!) with phone control.J.Fi AcousticJ.Fi M w/mic10mm7mmReal ebony wood housing fused with an aluminum sound tube and custom tuned driver for rich, warm audiophile worthy sound.J.Fi.M model includes discreet inline microphone for use with smart phones.J6J6M w/mic9mm6mmThe slimmest, most comfortable JBuds ever, featuring an advanced high fidelity micro driver and aluminum housing for premium acoustics.J6M model includes discreet inline microphone for use with smart phones.J5J5M w/mic10mm8mmThe most universally appealing JBuds model ever, combining premium sound, a durable metal build, a slim profile, and a hot new design.J5M model includes discreet inline microphone for use with smart phones.J4J4M w/mic10mm9mmUltra rugged metal earphones with maximum durability.J4M model includes a rugged inline microphone for use with smart phones.JBudsJBuds w/mic11mm10mmPremium sound quality, compact size, and classic design.3 sizes of soft silicone earbuds provide a super comfortable, noise reducing fit.Check your device specifications for compatibility info.
      
       
      
