
       Denon's Music Maniac In-Ear Headphones, AH-C400, feature Dual Balanced Armature Drivers in each ear encased in zinc die-cast housing and are tuned to a Flat EQ to deliver studio-quality performance in a highly machined, unobtrusive in-ear form factor.  Music Maniac In-Ear headphones also feature an in-line remote and microphone for easy control of Apple iPod, Apple iPhone and Apple iPad as well as easy phone conversations for when you are on the go.  Also Included: Artificial Leather Carrying Case with Karabiner, Silicone Ear Tips (XS, S, M, L), Double Side Silicon Ear Tips (S, M, L), and Comply TX-100M Foam Ear Tips, and ¼” Gold-plated adapter.  Further enhance your listening experience by downloading the Denon Audio Smartphone App available for download from the Apple App Store or Android Marketplace.
      
       
      
        Whether you're listening at home or on the go, Denon's Music Maniac AH-C400 In-Ear Headphones deliver quality sound and acoustical authenticity. Featuring dual balanced armature drivers in each earpiece and professionally tuned to a flat EQ, these in-ear headphones deliver music as the artist intended. A non-tangle Teflon coated cable featuring an inline remote allows easy control of your iPod, iPhone, and iPad, and an inline microphone makes phone calls convenient.View larger. Portable headphones include a Teflon non-tangle cable and inline remote.View larger. Flat EQ and dual drivers provide studio-quality audio. View larger.Hear Music as the Artist Intended The Music Maniac In-Ear Headphones are acoustically transparent, meaning they deliver sound precisely as the artist intended you to hear it. Featuring flat EQ tuning, the headphones provide a studio-quality listening experience. Encased in zinc die-cast housing, the earpieces feature dual balanced armature drivers to deliver outstanding sound quality, while their unobtrusive shape keeps you comfortable, even over extended listening sessions.Inline Remote Controls iPhones, iPads, and iPods The Music Maniac In-Ear Headphones feature an inline remote and microphone for easy control of your iPod, iPhone, and iPad. The inline microphone makes it simple to carry on phone conversations when you're on the go.Choose from Silicon or Comply Foam Ear Tips You can customize these in-ear headphones with a selection of included ear tips. Choose from multiple sizes of silicon or Double Solid Silicon ear tips, or opt for the comfort of Comply TX-100M Foam ear tips.Use EQ Presets or Share Settings with Denon Audio App You can further enhance your listening experience by downloading the Denon Audio application for iPhone, iPad, and Android devices. The app lets you instantly create playlists, access Denon EQ presets, and create, save, and share custom equalizer curves and enjoy over 50,000 internet radio stations worldwide with the TuneIn Internet Radio service. Available for download from the Apple Store or Google Play Store.What's in the Box Music Maniac AH-C400 In-Ear Headphones; carrying case; XS, S, M, and L silicon ear tips; S, M, and L Double Solid Silicon ear tips; Comply TX-100M Foam ear tips; and 1/4-inch gold-plated adapter.Music Maniac AH-C400 In-Ear HeadphonesFlat EQ allows for pure, authentic soundDual balanced armature drivers provide outstanding audio qualityInline remote controls your iPod, iPhone, or iPadConduct phone calls with the inline micDenon Audio Smartphone App enhances the listening experience Includes case, adapter, and ear tips. View larger.Other Denon Headphones:   Urban Raver Globe Cruiser    AH-D400AH-D320BU/RDAH-C300AH-C100RD/BUAH-NCW500SR/BKAH-W200 Headphone Type Over-Ear On-Ear In-Ear In-Ear On-Ear In-Ear Best for Bass-heavy music Bass-heavy music Bass-heavy music Bass-heavy music Travel Travel Bluetooth Wireless No No No No Yes Yes   Music Maniac Exercise Freak    AH-D7100AH-D600AH-D340AH-C400AH-C250AH-W150BK/BU/YW Headphone Type Over-Ear Over-Ear On-Ear In-Ear In-Ear In-Ear Best for Serious Listening Serious Listening Serious Listening Serious Listening Serious Listening Exercise Bluetooth Wireless No No No No No Yes
      
       
      
