
           Sophisticated. Simple. Lightweight...all in an elegant modern designView larger   Control your iPhone with the integrated inline remoteView larger  Sophistication, Simplicity, and Sound Clarity Drawing from a rich heritage of acoustic innovation, Harman Kardon NI headphones feature optimized drivers that produce accurate bass and sound clarity even at low volumes, silicone sleeves in three sizes for optimum comfort and an Apple three-button remote with built-in microphone for phone calls. The rectangular shape of the black one-piece housing complements the style of companion iPhone, iPad and iPod products. A blend of sophistication and simplicity, the lightweight, comfortable NI headphones are part of the first-ever Harman Kardon line of headphones. Now you can take beautiful sound with you wherever you go. Sophisticated, Modern Design Harman Kardon NI headphones offer high-tech performance wrapped in an elegant package and interface. With its blend of aluminum and black, the NIs’ design and function complement Apple products while reinforcing the sophisticated elegance of the Harman Kardon brand. Optimized Driver System High-performance 3/8-inch (9-millimeter) drivers generate an excellent frequency response (20Hz – 20kHz), wide dynamic range and high sound-pressure levels. They also produce accurate bass at any volume level. Sonic Clarity and Accuracy Even At Low Volume Levels The NIs’ acoustic engineering and passive noise-reduction mean that you can hear music and other audio content clearly at low volume levels. So you can enjoy all the music definition without all the volume – and that’s safer for your ears. Apple Three-button Remote with Built-in Microphone Made specifically for use with iPhone and iPod, the streamlined remote offers familiar controls for audio playback controls and phone calls.     Enjoy extended frequency response and accurate bass at any volume level View larger    Silicone Sleeves Three pairs of sleeves (small, medium, and large) are included. The choice of size ensures maximum comfort – and minimum ambient noise – in the ear canal.  What's Included: 1 set of Harman Kardon NI headphones3 pairs of silicone sleeves: small, medium, large1 3' 8" (1.1m) cable1 carrying caseOwner’s manualWarranty card  
      
       
      
