Good Overall Value - Worth the purchase price, with notable pros/cons.  These will probably work well for most people, but for my use, I would change some elements of the design (mainly cord issues)...What I was looking for was a portable set of buds to listen to music for up to 8 hours a day.  My requirements were comfort, good noise isolation (I am a cabinetmaker), durability, and sound quality - relative price wasn't much of a factor.  I have an older iPod Nano (8 GB Silver - 6th Generation) that clips to the back of my shirt collar as well as a Sony SBH20B bluetooth receiver.  Both of these allow me to connect the buds in back and keep the wires out of harms way (as opposed to having a player on my hip or in my pocket).  A microphone wasn't all that important since I wasn't planning to use this with my phone...and I have a set of Bose MIE2i buds and Bose Bluetooth earpiece for that purpose.The reason I chose not to use my Bose buds for regular music listening were as follows: the cord was too long so it interfered with my work, the control/mic portion added unnecessary bulk, noise isolation on that design is only modest relative to a full in-ear design like these buds, and I don't particularly care for the music curve (which is a subjective evaluation) Bose designed into those sets. These elements might or might not matter to you depending on your preferences and application.The good: tonal balance is very natural and open - better than I would expect at this price point and certainly enjoyable for on the go listening.  In direct comparison to the Bose buds at 3x the price, I prefer the Sennheiser's clarity and accuracy.  I am an audio guy with a dedicated music rig at my house that includes Sennheiser over the ear reference headphones as well as B&W CM5 speakers...ultimately, all music quality is "subjective", so this is just my opinion, but Sennheiser has done a good job at delivering this level of quality at a bargain price point.  The Bose set (which I love for calls and even casual music listening) is more distant (soundstage collapses compared to the Sennheiser) and muddy (particularly in the mid-bass region).  Both sound "good" compared to stock buds, but the sound curves each company chose to employ are very different - this is where personal preference will come into play.  Fit was good with the sleeves that came installed...several hours of listening didn't leave me fatigued or in pain from the fit. 